Can Anxiety and Depression cause most of the ADHD symptoms ? I have symptoms very similar to ADHD but sometimes some feel like the whole thing might be Anxiety and Depression.

Is there any way to differentiate between both ? 

Symptoms that I have experienced mostly are listed below. Just curious if Depression and Anxiety brings on the same symptoms. 

1. Forgetting stuff while leaving House( would usually forget things like Chargers/Books/Drinks which I plan on picking up before leaving/Wallet) 
2. Not being Focused and distracted in class(has been mostly all my life). 

3. Socially less confident.

4. Having 100 tabs opened on my browser. Jumping from one to another all the time . 

5. Multiple Interests but never following up to perfection in any of those. 

6. Never finish ANY work on time. Never be finished for preparing for exams , mostly its last moment. (all my life)

7. Books are hard to read or stick to. 

8. Disorganized/Messy


These are just couple of them. Mostly which I have had almost all my life.  Can they point to Anxiety and Depression ?  It's difficult to say because anxiety and depression are very commonly comorbid with ADHD and also share a variety of symptoms. I was diagnosed with ADD (inattentive-type) along with anxiety. I thought I had suffered from depression from the longest time, but I found that it stemmed from my inability to complete tasks like school work or personal projects.

If you want to find out what's doing what, you have to sit down and really examine where the symptoms pop up in your life. Granted it's hard to do if you're easily distracted, lol. Seeing a counselor or specialist about it can usually help you tease out what you have.

Knowing your disorder is after all the first step on being able to manage it. Yes, GAD/major depression/bipolar depression/substance abuse all can mimic ADHD. ADHD can also mimic these disorders, and make you more likely to suffer symptoms of the aforementioned things. Differentiation between the disorders is pretty tricky, and likely will take some tinkering around with lifestyle changes and meds to really get to the root of the issue. This is why we often need counselors/psychologists/psychiatrists to help us figure this stuff out. My ADHD symptoms are still around even when my anxiety and depression seem less bad. Even when I feel awesome and calm I'll still manage to leave the oven on or interrupt people when they talk. Depression and anxiety certainly feed into making my ADHD symptoms worse but they never seem to go away when the other mood issues are feeling controlled. That was a bit of of giveaway for me that anxiety and and depression were caused by my ADHD rather than causing it.   It could be possible that you have depression or anxiety because of ADHD. I have slight depression because of constant homework and lack of being able to do it, along with constant pressure from parents, teachers, etc. I'm not a doctor or anything, but it could be a possibility. All of these things you've described i also struggle with and am diagnosed with ADHD. Thats a very good point. I think whats happening with me is that after joining grad school , the depression and/or anxiety is making my ADHD symptoms worse like you pointed out. I have my appointment next week and hopefully can explain it well then. Thanks again  It can be a really brutal cycle. The stress brought on from being disorganized, procrastinating, only being able to perform under extreme pressure, not following through with things you're actually interested in can definitely worsen anxiety and depression. Then the heightened anxiety contributes to being paralyzed and overwhelmed and the heightened depression leads to more struggle with feelings of hopelessness, guilt, inability to maintain interest, etc. 

Anyway, like a lot of people, I find that I am much less depressed and anxious when my ADHD stuff is managed, although I am still really prone to anxiety. 