Recently diagnosed 29/m and I need help getting through bad work days. I'm a recently diagnosed 29/m. The diagnosis makes sense though its still kind of hard to think about being a person with a disability, but it seems to click in hindsight. I still hold some level of disbelief about the whole diagnosis though.

I'm on 10mg of Focalin XR daily and I'm not sure if its helping or not since I've only been taking the dose for about 4 days. I'm writing this post because I have a really hard time getting my work done. Some days I can just bust through my engagements like a boss and on other days I can't seem to start the simplest of assignments. On days when I can't get work done (much like today) I will sit down to start work and as soon as I experience a brief moment of pause in an assignment and I just impulsively open up the web browser. It's like I don't even realize I'm doing it until I'm on reddit, reading the news, or browsing something else. I can seem to focus on reading articles with little direct affect on my life, or planning out things that will happen over the next several weeks, but I can't focus on getting my things that are important in my the immediate present until the deadlines are at my doorstep. Considering I'm on medication it makes me think I just don't care enough to sit down and work (or the meds are working).

 I am working with a doctor on my medication and dosage, so I am not looking for specific advise pertaining to Focalin or the dosage. Instead of asking about how my specific drug or dosage should change, I would like to know if you have similar issues and how you manage to produce quality product efficiently on your 'off' days?

I want to stop sitting in the office during the day not getting anything done only to have to work late at night to make up for it. I end up having no free time and spend all day either working or avoiding work on useless internet webpages.

I'm sure this has been asked several times before, but I think I just wanted to get my voice out there with people who can actually relate. Having people spend their time on my really gives me feelings of hope and support - more than just reading an article or post by someone else.

So thank you for taking the time to reply to my woes. I really appreciate this community even though I have mainly stood on the sidelines looking in for the past month or two. I'm 26/m and I'm right there with you brother. Motivation is a fickle bitch. For me, motivation and productivity starts the day before - plenty of sleep, finishing previous projects to the best of my ability, and setting myself up so that I'm not stressed or rushed. I also use the 30/30 app during the day. It's just a 30 minute work/30 minute rest timer. I take Adderall XR to help me stay on task, but if I'm not focused on the right thing then it all turns to garbage. I like to think of starting a task as a hard restart (like a computer). It's uncomfortable and a little painful but once I get going with it I'm ok. The timer really helps me with school work, chores, etc. Give it a try and see if it helps. Diagnosed at 29, now 34.  

First thing: four days is not enough time to start doubting your medication.  IANAD but your body and mind are still becoming accustomed to a new schedule and new chemistry.

I recommend the [Pomodoro technique](http://pomodorotechnique.com/) ([tl;dr: work for 25min, break for 5min](http://lifehacker.com/productivity-101-a-primer-to-the-pomodoro-technique-1598992730)), and a browser extension like [this guy](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/strict-workflow/cgmnfnmlficgeijcalkgnnkigkefkbhd?hl=en) to prevent you from just idly opening a browser and losing focus.  If your coworkers can stand it, a physical timer works well too.  

Get a [fidget toy](http://www.therapyshoppe.com/category/8-fidget-toys), something you can play with in your hands while working/thinking/not-actively-typing (preferably something that doesn't make noise, for the sake of your coworkers).  I also typically bring in a small toy or something that I put on my desk, on, near, or in front of my monitor that acts as a reminder to keep on task.  I *know* that its purpose to prevent me from redditing and when I look past it, it generally works pretty well.  Bonus points if you [feel bad disappointing it](http://i.imgur.com/mVZ5Ny7.jpg).

Finally, just know and accept that there are going to be good days and bad days, every good day is one less bad day, and every day is a chance to have another good day.
 This is not a super helpful comment or advice, I just want to commiserate. I've been on medication for awhile and it helps me during work days but only if I have the motivation to start. Days like today... even a HUGE looming deadline on Tuesday is not enough to motivate me. I just. Can't. Work. I don't know what to do. I like my job! I like my work! But some days... I just can't. I'm into theatre so my therapist has suggested I treat it like an acting job--act like I'm a professional, productive person.

I guess I'll try it tomorrow (sigh).

Good luck with your journey. I promise you that you will start to have more of the good, productive days. But when you don't, know that you're not alone, or lazy, or bad. We're here with you! I can relate. I usually take 15 mg of Adderall, but some days (like today) I need a day off from the meds. That's when I'm especially prone to getting "lost" at work.

On days like this (today included) the most important thing I can do is relax, and not be hard on myself. I assume I'm going to get very little done, and promise myself that no matter how little I do, I'm not going to get depressed or upset about it. I have a disease, and I'm sick, and I'm entitled to not get anything done. I try to focus on stuff I like to do at work, like socialize, read, etc. For what I do need to do, I make a short list, and try to set times to get things done. But (most importantly) if I don't get them done, I just tell myself WTF there's always tomorrow.

Meetings don't always go so well, because I have trouble focusing on what people are saying, and my eye contact starts to drift. I keep copious notes to try to stay directed on what's going on. If I'm losing focus, I leave the meeting for a few minutes, go to the men's room, wash my face, have a cup of coffee, relax. It's okay. WTF.

The funny thing about it is that if I have keep this WTF attitude at work, I seem to get a lot done. By telling myself I'm not going to be so productive, WTF - it's okay, I actually get more done. I've heard of the 30/30 app, but in a 'normal' eight hour work day you would only get 4 hours of work done. Are you rest periods spend doing something still work related or do you switch off and do something completely unrelated?

Thanks for the post! Yeah I know four days isn't a very long time. I've just read on /r/adhd that people have experienced these life altering improvements with meds and I feel about the same. It can be pretty depressing - especially on a bad day.

I've messed around with the pomodoro technique before. Thanks for the suggestion again, I actually contacted IT yesterday to get that website blocker approved so I can have the extension added to my chrome browser. I also found the app Stayontask (Sorry I don't know how to add hyperlinks) which I found to help push me back to my work a bit more. We'll see if it lasts, but thanks to it and some new found energy I had a very productive night last night.

Thanks for the support and kind words! You were more helpful than you think. ;)

I'm right there with you man, so now there's two of us! The world got a whole lot smaller.

Cheers Glad to hear it. :) 