I feel like I always have “housekeeping” type tasks to complete. I have these things as bookmarked on my browser, written on my phone’s calendar, in a notes app, and in a to-list app. But it is all scattered and disorganized. I feel overwhelmed by it and can never get meaty work done. What can I do? Edit: I found a mind-mapping app and it’s a start to collapse all of my errant thoughts and noted into. I have to play to how visual I am as a person, instead of getting bogged in endless texts. It’s a start for so much more. I have the saaame issue mannnn!

I've noticed that for me, I have to keep *everything in one spot* so I have this little notebook that I carry everywhere and jot stuff down in whenever something crosses my mind.

I usually start off with one messy page where I write everything down and then use different colored highlights with each one and separate the easy ones and the hard ones. I tend to use green for easy 5 minute things blue for those that I have to go a little out of my way for and something darker for the ones that take hella long then I circle the ones that have immediate deadlines. The sticky note thing doesn't really work for me because I tend to lose them lol

then once they're all organized I'll pick 2-3 that don't seem too tough and aim for those as my daily todo list but once I can cross those off I'm more willing to do more stuff and if I get one extra thing done I'll reward myself with a soda or extra reddit/phone time or some thing and that's motivation enough for me! it's easier said than done but it's the only thing that really works for me! 

ahh sorry that was so long but I hope it helps! :)  this is me... if i write clean appartment, or clean kitchen it will never get done, i get overwhelmed and distracted and shut down... 

I started breaking my lists down, so Clean kitchen becomes 7 items, clean bathroom is 9, etc, this way you can pull out 1 of your master lists, and start checking off single steps at a time like do dishes, wipe counters, sweep floor, put away leftovers takecontroladhd.com podcast episode 109 describes these as tolerations and walks through a system to remove them in a way that I found didn’t overwhelm me. Worth a listen for sure.  Me too.  I know that problem, but it got better over time, when i realized that i am the cause of the chaos, as i am not knowingly carrying around stuff... I've had good luck with my passion planner. The to-do list is weekly so if I miss something on a certain day it's still there for me the next day, plus I can block out appointments and classes by time for each day. So I have that and then lately I've been making a tiny to do list on a sticky note on my counter as well, with only reasonable tasks on it that gets tossed at the end of the day so I don't have to think about it anymore. there is an app called "monday" - designed for teams and projects but useful for personal task management. I would recommend having a look.  One master to do list for the DAY

Post It notes for small tasks that need to be done, once I do it I throw it away

A file folder on my desk with all my misc notes so they dont scatter. 

I have endless to do tasks, measurements of my house, dates, etc. And I keep everythign on my desk. all little notes go in the tasks folder
 Panda Planner \- on the daily pages there is a section for Priorities and a separate section for tasks. Make an agenda. Block out each hour of your day. Here is mine right now: 

6-6:30 - make tea, shower, skincare 

6:307:00 - make up and hair

7:00-7:15 -make lunch and breakfast

7:15-7:30 get dressed

8:00 - 1:30 - go to class

2:00: 3:00 - do readings

3:00 -3:30 - free time 

3:30 -4:40 yoga

5:00 - 6:00 homework

6:00 - 7:00 cook dinner

7:00 - 7:30 pick up room, sweep floor

Etc. Etc.

It  changes depending on the tasks for that day.  Blocking my time out gives me an idea how long I have to complete an activity.  It also keeps my brain organized. It works for me, that don't get stressed out if your not always on your agenda. It's just supposed to keep you focused on tasks at hand You need to pick *one method* and stick to it. If it's the kind of app where you write it in one place and it gets automatically copied into another place (like being able to access the same google calendar on your phone or your laptop) then that's fine. But if these are all independent lists, get rid of them. It's too confusing and you'll end up writing something in one place and then forgetting to check that one for a few weeks because you've moved on to a paper organizer instead, etc.  i have a notebook where i write each day down and when i need to do those things by and try to find a time in my day to do it and once i finish i cross it off. you could try making feel organized by actually writing it. This is really good advice, I’ve found something very similar.

I learnt about GTD a few years ago and tried integrate it into my life loads of times (always quit after a week or so though - ADHD will do that sometimes!)

I modified it to suit my needs and now I love it. Instead of a next actions list, I have:

One off tasks - Shit that need to get done and then it is done. (Buy gift for mum, post that letter, call Jane)

Habits, practices, rituals - Things that enrich me but that I will never “complete”. I find myself forgetting about things I really love to do if I don’t have a list printed out. (Read a book, practice piano, do some pushups)

Chores - Repeated tasks that can be completed, but after days, weeks, months need doing again. (Clean bathroom, shave, lube bike chain) On this list I like to put when I do something, then when I think I should next do it.

When I had one list, my mind couldn’t deal with “Shave” being up there with “URGENT TASK TO BE DONE TODAY AT ALL COSTS” and “Nice brainstorming task that in the long run will make life sweeter”.

I guess the big thing for me was separating urgent and important - with everything on one list, I would look at what was on fire that day, and never had any energy left after for the truly important stuff.

With a few lists that I look at loads of times every day, I’ve found myself getting around to things before they become urgent, doing important stuff sooner in the day, and having a better sense internally about what is urgent and what is important.

How it relates to household stuff is that instead of feeling like everything has to be done all the time, having a little record of when you last did things helps you be a bit more rational. Before I was “OH GOD THERE ARE SO MANY HOUSEHOLD TASKS AND THEY ALL NEED DOING ALL THE TIME” when of course that’s not true.  I mean *womannnn My biggest thing for getting cleaning done was starting to listen to podcasts. That way I'm entertained and I'm not bored and my brain is ok to do rote tasks. It's so much better than being distracted by the internet or movies because with those you have to actually be WATCHING them, so you can't wander around your house and clean at the same time.  Breaking big task in smaller one helps a lot for me.

I even have a task to create my tasks. It’s largely this for me. I feel like if I could control these external things I would have a clearer headspace. But then I know that’s not how it works. Just seems like it should be easier to “fix” the outside. Oh PS you can print the pages for free from their website to try it out before committing to the price if you want  I tried it out for a few weeks. I found it to be overwhelming. I just went back to an planner that shows you one week when you lay it out flat, and then there are some boxes on the side to organize specific things. Maybe one day I can make use a more complicated planner, but right now I need baby steps. I have such a hard time with blocking my time! Anytime I try it, when 11:00 (for example) rolls around, and I see my past self said I should mop, I internally tell her to fuck off because I don’t feel like mopping right now, I feel like folding clothes. When I look at a time-blocking list, I feel trapped and suffocated and like I need to rebel immediately.

I’m surprised you guys with ADHD like the technique! I love blocking my time. 

I also really like timing myself. I work in a profession where I have to time / keep track of everything I do all day in 6 minute increments (bet you can't guess what it is, j/k) and while other people find it annoying, I *LOVE IT*.  The outside things cannot be fixed without fixing the inside things...
Also some of the outside things cannot be fixed at all, and some fix themselves. :-)
I try not to care about not careworthy outside things. When I feel like that, I just switch the activity.  