Students in full time education, what helps you stay focused for 4-6 hours on end? I'm trying to study for 6 hours daily but really struggling to get past 4 hours, I feel mentally exhausted after that time has passed. I have a very academically rigorous degree so not studying for many hours isn't an option Meds You can focus for FOUR HOURS?! I don't put time into the equation. I just take topics and divide them up over days. If 1 topic takes all day to really learn then nbd. If another topic takes 30 minutes then cool! Keep going snd get ahead. I find that assigning time minimum and maximums is really counterproductive. Theres never a guarantee that you won't need to spend extra time on 1 topic. And that's ok! dude idek how u do 4 to be honest. i pay attention for literally one class a day and anything more than that i get so utterly mentally fried  Well, yeah. That's what happens when you try to work for multiple hours straight with no rest. You *should* be taking breaks every so often, at least every 30-45 minutes with a 10-minute or so break. And don't try to go for 6+ hours straight, that's just insane. Break it down into multiple 2-3 hour periods with longer breaks between. Keep it as active as possible. I gave a few examples to someone earlier, hopefully I linked it correctly below. 

Also breaks. Neurotypical people can’t study for 6 hours straight w/o breaks. School and (most) occupations shift between topics and/or tasks + have breaks. 

As far as goals, I’d set something more manageable for yourself. If you’re at 4 now, increasing that 150% is pretty drastic. Individualize the specifics to work for you, but as an example: Start with a goal of 4.5 by the end of the year, then bump it up to 5 in Jan. Good luck!

 [active studying answer](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/9wgi4x/comment/e9pcc14?st=JOHTGGRD&sh=2e500f97) 
 Meds. 
But also eating in class helps me sooooooo much. I’m not sure why even, but it definitely does.  Taking 30 minute breaks every hour and a half is what i usually do. And i always have a reward for myself when I finish that im looking forward to. Usually a glass of wine or a beer.  what meds? My dex wears off after 3-4 hours of intensive work/study. Maybe a booster at the halfway point of study? alerts and alarms. break the work down into 15-30 minute increments and take a short break between them. often I will have white noise in the background, a tv on low volume, a fan, ect to keep my inner monologue from controlling my thought process. if i start to daydream I try to snap back to the sound of the white noise. [deleted] It was very tough for me to focus in college. I never studied for anything but wound up graduating with me Computer Info system degree.

The only way I found out how to focus was copious amounts of Redbull.  I walk around every 25 minutes and do something like eat,cook, drink water and close my eyes, play a SINGLE game of league every now and then, and study again. I only figured out this method when I stopped going to class, because I had so much extra uninterrupted free time in my day where I could just stay at home and study. It was great, and classes never did shit for me anyway. I have to eat at least every 2-3 h. So I have to take 30 min breaks to eat and breath. Also I can't study that long in a row, I need breaks. When I set myself 5 min break, I notice I have used 10 min. And if I set my break time to 10 min I found myself 20 min later doing something else than studying. So I just set a timer for 5 min even if it really is 10.

 I also use an app called forest. You set time from 10 to 120 min every 5 min steps and you can't use certain apps during that. It can be installed also in web browser and by paying ~2$ you can sync the browser and phone app. Also by paying it you can choose accepted apps. In the free android version, the stock browser is allowed and I had to basically pay to stop myself using the loop hole.

Anyhow, the app also has sound like rain, which can be put on. The sound stops when the time is over, if you have changed the settings. I use this to know, when my time is up.

Also I don't study the same thing all the day, because I get pissed off and start to skip things. So I have now set myself to study for 2 h (containing breaks every 25-35 min) each most urgent subject (2-4 subjects).

Also the key here has been to estimate how long it takes me to study a certain amount of pages or slides, and then multiply the time by 3, at least 2. Because at least for me: in several occasions I have actually studied for an hour instead of 2. So this way I have studied enough pages per day, if succesful. Still working on this. Hope you get any help from this.

Oh, and my therapist also encouraged me to pay myself some money (2€ for now) per each task done and to use the money as I please. I have being doing this now for a week and I am yet not bankrupt. If I end up pulling of too many task to actually pay myself, I'll have to reconsider the price and the moneyworthy tasks. I'm already on meds This was honestly my first thought too. I second this! The moment I even THINK about how long something is gonna take (at least if it’s something boring), my focus slips and I start worrying. But if I break it up into lots of little goals, then I know I’m about to be able to cross something off my list. The more you break it down, the more often you get to cross something off.  Idk I just force myself and remind myself that this is my only chance to get good grades chewing helps by getting the brain fired up, why I always chew gum in exams  I also eat often without gaining weight. Maybe its my restless legs and fidgeting burning out all the calories. :D It might be helpful to discuss trialing a different med, perhaps a long acting one (if you're not already on one).  It's pretty intersting how everyone handles meds  differently.  I'm at the end of trialing 5-10mg Dex now.  It has the opposite effect on me.  It just hangs out, making me super jazzy for a couple days.  It's annoying, rather intense and unhelpful.  I get OCD on everything but what I need to do.  I took 5 mg at noon today, am trying to wind down for bed and am still pretty wired 9.5 hrs after taking it. Thankfully, I have an appointment is next week to review the trial. I was going to say meds too. 

Honestly, “burst studying” works way better for me, especially with my meds. I can accomplish way more in intermittent bursts than I would of I just sat and studied straight. I hit “saturation” and nothing else is going to sink in until I’ve had time to digest what I just reviewed. 

For me it’s 10am-noon, 2pm-4pm, 7pm-9pm that I can accomplish the most, whether it’s mentally or physically.  Lasting 3-4 hours is actually good for me because I can plan around my schedule without ending up unable to sleep/relax wow I dont think I could study till 9 at night, it just feels like I'm cutting into my time so I cram it all in during the day, maybe thats my problem  I can tell it’s med time, had to rewrite my reply from being extremely off topic-

It’s kind of relative. I don’t tend to go to bed until midnight and having my day as split up and varied makes the day “feel” more exciting than it really is. 

If you can find a situation that allows for 10 minute study bursts with 10 minute unrelated interruption, it’s amazing. It’s rare I can get it to work out at work but the week that I did, I got a 98% on my biochem test without feeling like I actually studied. (I work in patient care and unless healthy people come in not requiring a bunch of paperwork, referrals, shots, extra ancillary stuff, this doesn’t happen)

I’m just not disciplined enough to replicate that on my own. If I study for 10 minutes and take a break, I am almost certain to get consumed by the more interesting, non-studying 10 minute session that ends up lasting 2 hours and now I’m out of my groove. 

Side tip that worked for me:

Anki is an amazing flash card program. It’s free on the computer but rather expensive for the app version (which for me is required). Although creating the decks can take some time, and way easier on the computer, once synced to the phone it makes quick review sessions a synch.

And this still ended up being a crazy long reply. Sorry 😐  that does help, I was thinking maybe I should take more breaks in between my studying, like  study an hour and take a 10 minute break rinse and repeat Ending and then Resuming study breaks with an extremely brief, 1 minute tops, “okay, what did I just learn” helps tremendous as well.  consolidation is the key, I never do enough of that. By the time I'm finished studying an area I've had enough of balance sheets and complex group statements that I basically shut down haha  