First day on vyvanse: revelation As per the title, today is my first day on vyvanse and the first day on a real medication for ADHD. I had the weirdest thought (for me) and it made me happy... Sort of. 

That thought was "wow, I've got too many things going on in my computer (10 separate tabs open including a lecture through YouTube, a Facebook game, reddit, email, and cracked.com) and I'm not going to get any of my actual work done."

This is my normal daily routine(the multitude of browser tabs and not getting real work done) and with that thought minimized the browser, opened my actual work for the day and grabbed a sketch pad to do actual work. 

I think this is the first time I've ever had the thought of "I'm not going to get any work done with all this going on" and actively chose work over entertainment. 

 That moment when your medication gives you the ability to prioritize in the same way most people can. 

:) Just a quick warning with vyvanse when you take it after an hour you get a euphoric kind of 'high'. try not to chase this high because bad stuff happens The Revelation i had, was how unorganized i was, and i just want to organize everything now. I look at my folders computers, and everything, and like what was wrong with this guy! lol. congrats on a good day. I understand this. It makes me want things clean. My whole mentality on my meds is "Might as well do it now, I have the time, and I have the energy".  I had that realization. I don't know about the rest of the guys here, but I have had self assessments. I keep asking myself if this is who I really am because I have changed dramatically with medication.  For those that have tried both, what's the difference between Vyvanse and Adderall? I've been on Adderall for the past few years, but I feel like it doesn't have the same effect as when I started. Adderall does if for me.... I've found that when I have too many tabs open my brain starts to feel cluttered, and I know a lot of people on here have the habit of having an unholy amount of tabs open on their browser.

Whenever I start getting to a point where I have a ton of tabs/windows open, but I feel like I can't get rid of most of them because they're important I use a browser extension to save the session so I can get a fresh start without having to worry. [Session Buddy](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/session-buddy/edacconmaakjimmfgnblocblbcdcpbko?hl=en) has worked really well for me on Chrome. I think it's also important to just get rid of tabs that aren't actually that important, because then your saved sessions will just be a cluttered mess that you'll never get around to. Is that what that is? huh... I took it about 6:45-7am been about 4 hours after. I did like the boost in mood but after my past of illicit drug use and giving that up, I'm ok at this point. I'll keep it in mind though, that's for sure I've noticed similar feelings with other meds as well. I take Ritalin now, and I swear it's just coke in a capsule. Shit can be dangerous if abused.  Yeah amphetamine will do that. Because it's amphetamine.

But OP, once you start taking the stuff daily the high goes away pretty quick so it's not a big deal. This is my first week on medicine, but I've been taking it right before my classes start. For the past few days, that euphoric feeling hits me right in the middle of my most boring class. It's a weird rush of, "I'm so happy to be in this class right now, life is great!". It's kind of annoying, because I know I'm definitely not actually happy to be in that class. But I guess I'd rather that feeling hit sitting in the middle of class, than when I'm driving down a highway or something.  I have 14 tabs and 2 windows open right now... I'm about to try this extension out. Are you sure you are on the right dosage? Yea, I've taken a bunch of different doses of different meds and this is the one that works for me. Even going into "drug forums"  people that have used cocaine say Ritalin is the closest to it. That's why I like to tell people that it's dangerous if abused, because it can easily be abused.  