Mum and Son with ADD / Questions about adults with ADD First of all: this community opened my eyes and I am so glad to be part of it! It really helps reading about people with the same problems. Keeps me sane ;-) just wanted to share a story. 

Backround: My mum (early 60s) and I (m, late 20s). We both have ADD. After I was diagnosed back in the 90s, she took a test by herself and boom: ADD. 

Sooo, fun story: my family owns a car dealership in Northern Germany. My grandpa died a few weeks ago and now my uncle comes all the way from Munich to get grandpa's car for my cousin. My mum has all the certificates of that car in her office. She just called me and said to me, that my uncle needs the certificates and if I'll be so kind and hand them out tomorrow.
I don't have them.... She: "But I gave them to you! They aren't here! It seems you forgot that I brought them to you on Monday!"
As the boss of a SME-company I am unusually forgetful and so I started sweating... I searched my office... All of it... Rushed to my employee's offices, searched all over the place begging I didn't lost these papers.
Suddenly, after 2 hours, mum calls:" I'm sorry... They are here..." next: nervous breakdown on my end of the cable...

So basically she wanted to bring the papers, told me about wanting to bring the papers and then our both memories faded and we didn't know if events actually happened or not... AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST: my uncle is coming...  But next week... We got the dates wrong... Both of us... Seperatly... 

Not my mum nor I are taking medication. Through the years we invented a lot of mechanisms and automatisms to help us get ours lives straight. I'm glad that we own that business because it helps to apologize for the fact that the boss always has a YouTube tab open in his browser or why I often need to tell people to repeat there sentence because I faded out 15 seconds before. 

But sometimes I wonder why the hell we are even successful at all... We must be so annoying towards others... In fact, my ADD is getting on my nerves for quite a while now. I was wondering if anyone around here has experience with ADD-treatment as an adult. My last appointment with "Dr Freud" was at least 19 years ago (was a child, took about 0.5 to 1 Ritalin daily) but recently I had a feeling that my condition might be increasingly making things difficult for me. I don't seem able to follow conversations recently or work on my tasks continuously. I first thought it might come from a lack of sleep or free time but it doesn't. Has anyone experienced an increase of his/her difficulties?  