Browser tabbing habits Back in the day before tabs existed, I used to bookmark the shit out of everything.

Now, I have anywhere from 8 to 10 tabs open at a time, but I also use this OneTab extension which conveniently makes lists of open tabs, so when I'm not working on whatever I was working on, I just OneTab it "for later". https://www.one-tab.com/ 

I now have a total of 2368 tabs saved for later dating back to September 2016...

I'm not sure if this is a good or bad thing for my ADHD.

I just had to get this out there, sorry... So, how does everyone else deal with their browsing habits? Or more generally, digital life organization? I always have a ridiculous number of tabs open, but the most "efficient" number for me hovers around 15-20. After that, my computer gets slow or I get bored of what I am looking at. Previously, I could go into the 30s (with TVTropes and other such websites), but I lost interest in "wiki walks" a few years ago. 

Anyways, the best Chrome extension I have found to support my "habit" is The Great Suspender. After X amount of time (customizable, default is one hour) or after hibernating/sleeping your computer, a tab is suspended -- the page is disconnected and its memory is reallocated. My personal computer usage habits have me stepping away from my computer for a while. Before this extension, I used to log back in and Chrome would take forever to load (memory leak?). That would cause me to close the program, obviously losing all my tabs, and having to start fresh -- which was okay on some days. This extension allows me to have my ~15 tabs "open" and ready to go. The only caveat is that such a program is incredibly reinforcing in terms of keeping tabs open; I have some suspended tabs right now that I have not reloaded and would do best to close, but I cannot bear to get rid of them!

In terms of saving stuff, even though Pocket reeks of corporate/Mozilla sponsorship, I use it from time to time in both Firefox and Chrome. Also, I have many bookmark folders and sub-folders; I treat bookmarks like files in how I organize them. For example, I have a "Work" bookmark folder (furthered sub-divided based on the various jobs I have had) and "Life" bookmark folder (with folders for memes, recipes, etc.). I open everything in a new tab "to check later" and then end up being overwhelmed by too much tabs and will close them all. Repeat. "I'm not sure if this is a good or bad thing for my ADHD"

A sneeze is neither bad nor good for a cold, it is actually a symptom of a cold.

Similarly, your tab-mania is neither good nor bad for your ADHD, it is a symptom. Right now, as I'm typing this, I've got 17 tabs open, and three of them are completely useless since those sites are currently blocked by Cold Turkey, and even then I haven't closed them yet (nor I think I will anytime soon).

From my experience and from my therapist's advice and experience (she's also ADHD), it's healthy for ADHD people to "indulge" their tendencies every once in a while. I browse mindlessly through the internet, or walk around the house in circles while daydreaming... and it is very relaxing, since I feel I don't need to keep paying attention and remembering everything.

Of course, it's not something you should do all the time. If you plan on studying in one hour or so or getting ready for an appointment, then try not to engage in such distracting habits, as they will only make it harder for you to get shit done.

It always goes something like this: "Ok, I guess it's been fifteen minutes already, I think it's time to stop and start working on thHOLY SHIT IT'S BEEN TWO HOURS!" I tend to notice and stop opening new ones somewhere around 10. 