How many tabs are open on your browser? I have almost always 50+ tabs open on my browser. A lot of them open since months hoping I will read some of them at some point of time. I feel I have ADHD but I am not sure yet. I am going to get it checked this Saturday. I feel like I show most symptoms of ADHD (not the hyperactive one). Usually around 150-200. But I try to close them when chrome gets above 10 GB of memory usage. A lot of them are references about things I'd like to follow but decided to do it later. I usually won't follow most of them and when my interest of a topic wanes I just close those tabs and move on to a new topic.

Even my phone browser has 42 tabs right now. On one computer that is currently playing netflix and attached to my tv, One tab. 

On my laptop that I am currently using. Three. I cannot stand having too many open, it breaks my head. I prefer my browser simple and not crowded. Even three is weird for me. I just had a problem with my internet a few minutes ago and had to restart my browser.  So currently 5, but I would say on average I have 20-35 open.   I have two monitors. One is usually open to youtube or netflix. The other monitor is usually on reddit, fml, not always right, meta picture, and hearthstone or wow forums. 

If the one that has netflix up is not currently playing anything pandora is up on my deadmau5 channel or todays alternative.  If you're thinking about the symptoms and if you have ADHD or not, here's the checklist: http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/adhd/diagnosis.html  
  
Consider those symptoms and their severity, especially over the course of your life. This will be the means of diagnosis.  I'm the same, everything except the hyperactivity. I'm going to the doctor today!

(EDIT: I included this to say that you may have ADHD-PI [Predominantly Inattentive] but I forgot. Ironic!)

7 tabs is about what I average. I can't stand it when my chrome tabs shrink because I have too many. I don't know why. I just need full sized tabs!
Oh, and I also always need to have something else going on. Spotify, Netflix or YouTube at all times. All of them. ;)

Seriously, though, I usually have 4-5. If I'm doing research for homework or programming, as many as 10-20. I used to honestly have hundreds and i kind of inhabited this mental space of knowing where everything was always. Then i realized i was spending more time in there then the real world, so i got a extension that limits the number of tabs i can have open Thanks for all the replies everyone! This was my first time posting here. I'll probably fairly know by Saturday what my results are gonna be. 10+ So, I've started using the app Pocket because instead of leaving an interesting link open to read later, I can save it to Pocket and read it (even offline) later on my phone. 

It's really nice for being able to mentally (and literally) be like "okay, I don't have to do this right now" and then after I close the tab I forget about it fairly quickly (and then I can focus better on things I need to do).  I almost always have 50+ too. (I have ADHD).
 Seems like if I open more than 8 or so on Chrome, it crashes. Thats cool!! that's interesting! I always open a tab read somewhat halfway, get bored, open a new tab forget about the old tab's existence. Sometime I have open tabs as a bookmark but never get back to reading the article. And some of my other tabs are regulars (facebook, gmail, etc. : why bother closing these anyways!) Thanks!
I just can't remember a lot about my childhood since most symptom checkpoint is very based on whether or not I was good at studies and I was really good at them. But then again I never had to study or I studied only a day or a few days before my tests and this was true until about grade 10. That's my only concern. Is that a trait of ADHD to have a chaos but still be perfectly aware of everything in it? Well, there could be many many different issues that could cause it, but I couldn't live like that. Even right now I feel constrained and feel like I can't open enough tabs to do what I want. That symptom list isn't about academic performance, it's about impairment in various forms. It could be that you weren't able to do chores, had problems in social situations, daydream, impulsive control, emotional regulation. Those sorts of problems aren't going to guarantee bad performance in academics, though it may catch up with you in college.  honestly I think it was more tied to depression+distracting myself from all things I know I need to be doing by constantly shifting my reality around different things and always having *something* around. I'm not too familiar with ADHD outside of my personal experiences, so I won't presume to speculate beyond that. I did find it difficult to keep up with scores as my education progressed. Most difficulty during my Masters. I daydream (used to and still do) a lot. I remember being impulsive during my childhood, just can't remember if it was normal or excessive. And I was never in social situations until much later (age 15-16+) in my life. There are too many simple tasks in my childhood where I can say I was careless. What makes it seem pretty certain is that I used to read a lot during my childhood but these days I feel like I can hardly sit through a few chapters of a book. Hmm, sitting through "a few chapters" of a book is not an unimpressive feat. Many with severe ADHD can't read a page easily. You might have a mild case of ADHD, a clinician should be able to identify that.  Well most of these "few chapters" book are fiction so its a stimulating to my imagination. If it was non-fiction (like my text books) "few pages" seems more like it I think. 