Training yourself to study without ADD meds? Hey guys. Are there any college students out there diagnosed with ADD who have made the switch from studying exclusively with ADD medicine to stopping completely and learning how to study without it? How did you manage to do this? Do you have any tips or material on learning how to study without drugs when all you know is how to study with them? Meds have gotten me to where I am today, academically, but I am sick of the way they make me feel and act, and I am ready to do whatever it takes to fight my brain and try to learn to study without them. I know it is not going to be easy, but I am looking for any kind of guidance.  My initial reaction to your post is OMG WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS but I do also totally understand the impulse to want to try as well. But be gentle on yourself. Remember that we're wired differently than neurotypical folks. Don't push yourself too hard with this and don't see going back to the meds as a failure if you need them. They work for you in certain ways but not in others. You also might want to talk to your doctor about trying out a different med. 

All that being said, I find meditation works wonders in training my brain to redirect my attention. Also, listening to white noise while I work always helps me remember to redirect. My brain will go somewhere else and then I'll hear and recognize the white noise again. That's a reminder that I'm supposed to be working- and it helps reel me back in to what I'm supposed to be doing. I have blocks on my phone and desktop and they help so much. I've basically alloted a short window for social media each day and that's all I get. I actually have found that I don't even use my allowance every day now- since I've weaned myself down from it, I've realized it's not something I'm dependent on currently. The interest in indulging in it has faded a lot. 

Good luck and don't fuck it up! (Jkjkjk) you can always try gradually weaning yourself off of them by slowly reducing your dosage.  talk to your doctor about it if you can. Thanks for the suggestion, but stopping the medicine is not a problem. I am trying to train my ADD brain to be able to focus and study without the medication, which I have never been able to do before. Just wanted to see if anyone has been through this before and if they had any tips. ok I'm confused then.  you want to study without medication but keep taking them in general?  are your meds IR?   Yes, I keep taking them because I am not able to study without them. But I would like to work towards changing this. I am looking for remedies/suggestions/tips that can help someone with ADD focus *without* medication. 

 right... slowly weaning yourself off of the meds would help with that, though. the thing is that you want to maintain the good habits that you've started on meds while you're off of them.  I found that for me, the best way was to slowly reduce my dosage.  if you don't want to do that, though, then you'll just have to force your brain to focus - set lots of alarms, post-it reminders around your desk, turn off your phone, etc.  

when I was in school I found it really helpful to have a "school" browser (Firefox) separate from my "everything else" browser (Chrome).  you can block the distracting sites like Reddit on your school browser, and only keep bookmarks that are school-related.  Ah I see what you mean about weaning. I'd rather just go cold turkey and quit taking them all together, but I may give that a shot.

Whats happened is that it is harder to train myself to focus than ever before, now that I have become reliant on the drugs to focus for all these years. When I try to study without them, not only does my ADD get in the way of this like it has done all my life, I now get anxious that I'm studying without meds, and I dwell on that. Come to think of it, weaning off might just be the solution..

And the browser thing is a great idea. I'll definitely be trying that.Thanks bud.  