I think I need someone to just come along and close all my browser tabs when I'm not looking... "But this could be really useful later!" I usually wake up to a million tabs that seemed important the night before, then close all of them. New day, new obsessions. :3 I've used that "restore previous tabs" button a couple of times when my computer restarts or I accidentally close out chrome. Worst case scenario in history I can pull back up all recent tabs.

I did do good though! I recently closed and cleaned out my tabs to only two windows spanning 14 tabs! I was noticing a performance loss the last week because I had probably 75-100 open spanning 7 windows! I'm honestly not sure even what I closed, but I forgot if anything was super interesting, so most things went. I actually narrowed it down to just 1 -- pandora, but in the few hours since then a lot more have popped up... There are apps to close tabs after an unspecified amount of time. 

I also have a thing where i copy paste relevant and important thoughts into it as bullet points and then close the tab. 

I really enjoy my life now. For me the worst part is getting through all of my open tabs and closing the window only to discover that hiding behind it was another window with 46 open tabs I feel compelled to read...eventually.  Try out "tab wrangler" - a plugin for Chrome - you set a time to use your tabs for, and it removes them after that (keeping a log you can always go back to)  I have an iffy stick of ram that does that by crashing the computer. 

Yours for 3 easy payments of $99.99 OneTab

 Hoo boy, now does that sound like value!!1! And if you act now, I'll throw in a hard drive that makes windows do a 3 hour drive scan every time you restart! Finally you can be free of the tyranny of the internet! Just pay shipping and handling.


The sad thing is that I have the drive in question sitting in my desktop still, never got around to pulling most of the stuff off it. I *just* replaced my hard drive like that, haha. And mine couldn't even finish the CHKDSK scan, it was too corrupted- it'd just freeze. I had to skip it in order to be even able to boot.  The evil thing is that the drive is taking an extra long time to die and doesn't make the noise a failing drive should. Not all failing drives make noise. Try the tips here, if it comes back with SMART errors it means it's basically screwed... http://www.howtogeek.com/134735/how-to-see-if-your-hard-drive-is-dying/ The drive keeps gaining bad sectors at a glacial pace. Took me 18 months to get around to replacing it. Well, have you tried not burning it? What would be the point of that? Everyone knows that the ones with flames go faster. 