Getting tested (25). Everything makes sense now. I'm wondering if I'm imaging my problems, as I lay in bed with all my lights off in an attempt to sleep until I looked at my phone and started researching why I can't get stuff done. I'm also rolling up some trees and listening to a podcast in my earphones. Im thinking about the new iPhone 7 earphones, I should be upgrading soon, I'm thinking about what I've got planned tomorrow and how I have to be up early if I want to feel productive, and not wake up at 12:30pm like the last few days. I've been on 20mg Pax for a month now for anxiety and discussing ADHD symptoms next week with someone at the hospital. 

It's only now that I've graduated (after dropping out at first) that I've gone to see my doctors and they tell me that looking at my records I should have been on some medication for anxiety but I was under 18. I never thought to go back, plus I don't really remember that time much. 

Reading through this subreddit now I feel some sort of relief.. But scared at the same time. I haven't been able to keep a job, I now understand why I get lost in conversations & why I always feel like I'm constantly having to controlling myself, fidgeting, my ups and my downs, my failures, why I get so irritated, why my emotions are always up and down, I'm either devastated or excited/inspired, just all the FRUSTRATION!!!

 I know why I've downloaded almost all the productivity apps, and have 100 reminders, why I read so much about "bettering yourself" on blogs and tried so many strategies including paying for online courses then just end up making my own strategies and plans. I'll say to myself "Just get on with  it u/awayithrough!!" - I just can't :(.... I used to be messy, but I've obsessed with trying to be perfect that I'm always trying to clean or reorganise things, too much mess means that my mind is in a mess and I've found myself concentrating on it too much. Somehow as I'm cleaning I manage to always leave a mess behind me which is funny if you think about it. 

I always have to delete tabs on my browser because I've overdone it abit with the erm.. "Multitasking". And then I wonder why my laptop starts crashing when I've got Firefox, Safari, IE and Chrome open with a million tabs. It all makes sense now. I'm trying to be more conscious of it though, trying.

I'm 25 and I feel like this is a second chance. I still see the last 10 years of my life as a waste and wonder how life would have been if I was more focused. People always tell me how hard I am on myself and I've never agreed with them until now. 

I finally have answers, and I'm understating the coping mechanisms that I've developed and just why I act the way I do in general. 

I feel weird that I've had to figure this out for myself though.. because it also seems like now that i know what I have (even though I haven't been diagnosed), I'm finding that I'm noticing it a lot more. I can feel the restlessness before it starts  so I go for a walk smoke and chat with my girlfriend. Then there's the thoughts. I wake up in the morning in a silent house but I'm thinking about a billion things, so I try to think of a song or hum out loud. 

Sometimes it's just easier to talk to myself out loud too. I find being alone a lot easier because I just feel trapped in my own brain when I'm around people, and with the anxiety mixed in - the heart palpitations and constant dread, it's just painful and something I stupidly only just realised I should really get help for.. I think I just got used to it and thought it would go away the more i put myself in areas outside of my comfort zone.

I've rambled.. Thanks for reading if you got this far.

Tl;dr Thanks for being here. Wow It's 4am! Hey, I am reading this and I can't help but find comfort in this post. 
I'm getting tested this coming Wednesday and hope for the best. I've been there with the productivity apps and million of tabs in the browser.  Each tab entertains a thought that enters my mind or keeps a mental bookmark so I don't forget what I was researching at one point.  Do you underachieve or settle for less, so that when you fail it isnt as hard on your self esteem? Anyways, goodluck mate! 