Are you getting worse? I am. Or I feel like I am. I don't know if that is normal or not. I'm still not medicated. I got diagnosed about 4 months ago. Still waiting to get an appointment with a psychiatrist. 

Anyways.          
I've always been bad with keeping keeping the time. Even knowing what day it is. I feel like I'm loosing the grip on time more and more. People say that time moves faster as they get older (I'm 30 now), and I guess that's true, even though I always thought that time moved fast. But now it's truly out of hand.  It's like things that took me a moment before now suddenly takes hours.       
I get home from work at four or five. Eat. Check Facebook and Reddit, and then before I know it 6 hours have passed.         
I'm obviously wasting that time, but I have even less sense of that time passing then ever, or so it feels like. 

But that's not the only thing that gets worse. I'm driving myself crazy by constantly loosing my concentration and experiencing that my train of thought just slips away, and I'm left having forgotten what I was doing. 

Computer-wise it can be that I'm doing one thing, lets say reading about some scientific discovery. Then I try to find a related youtube video, and then I get lost in youtube due to some other interesting video, and I might NEVER get back to what I was doing. It has totally left my mind, and I might not even notice that tab in the browser for a week, and by that time I have lost interest. 

Or it can be drawers. I have not labelled my drawers. Every single time I need something from a drawer I have to open several to find the right one. 

Really simple new things that I try to learn is also a struggle. I guess most or all off this relates to the working memory problems, but when I think back I have the feeling that things weren't this bad before. Another answer can be that I'm noticing all my faults better now. Idk. 

As time goes faster I also feel that I go slower. Writing this, trying to keep it coherent, reading over it, collecting my thoughts in between, it probably took me about half an hour just to write. 

How do you guys experience this? 

Sorry about the long post.  Hopefully meds help once you get on them. Mine do a lot.

Alongside meds, I suggest seeking and trying advice from other Redditors here.

Best of luck on our wonderful journey. 