Kind of having trouble accepting this I've recently been diagnosed as an adult and I just don't understand that if I've had this why it's never been looked into. I was put on Concerta XL 18mg a couple of weeks ago and I just took it not really knowing what to expect.

A voice in the back of my head is telling me that I'm a fraud I don't really have problems I'm just lazy I'm just looking for an excuse. I shouldn't be making excuses for why I'm such a directionless, unmotivated loser. I feel like because I don't have the hyperactivity side of it that I'm just BSing myself. It might have been there when I was a child but it's either gone or I've been suppressing it.

I haven't noticed any remarkable changes as far as being able to focus goes. The first week I had one day where I was able to just steam through my work and my internal ramblings seemed to have quietened down quite a bit. They were still there to a degree but they weren't all over the place begging me to focus on them instead of what I was doing. 

The real benefit that I've been seeing is that I seem to be somewhat more able to talk to people now and be around them. I feel more laid back and I want to engage with people more. I don't know what it is but I just feel less sensitive to the idea that people are judging everything I say and do and thinking shitty things about me. I don't quite know how to explain it. It almost feels like in the future, I might be able to fit in and that people might actually want to know me. I'm starting to feel less like I'm on the outside looking in. 

I just think back to when I told my mother I thought I might have ADHD and she was dismissive of it, saying I didn't have any problem focusing on video games. It's true, I've been able to focus on things that interested me. Not so much anymore. Most of today I've spent just compulsively refreshing Reddit, over and over, looking for something that would hold my interest. Sometimes I don't do anything at all, I just sit and have thoughts while I flick through 50+ browser tabs. I try to read an article or a post and I'll get through a sentence or two before my brain starts screaming 'ABORT! ABORT!'. I see articles online and the idea that there are people out there who must read these from start to finish and retain information from them is baffling to me.  

I just want to feel that way I felt at work last week where I just felt tuned into what I was doing and didn't feel the urge to stare out the window and daydream.

At least even if my focus has only been marginally better, I've had some positive benefits. 

That's all I've got to say. ^^Not really. I could keep going. 
 How much have you read up about ADHD-PI?

Lacking hyperactivity doesn't make a you a fraud. It just means your ADHD subtype is Predominantly Inattentive.

Someone who probably feels slightly removed from the normal social world, who is easily distracted, prone to day-dreaming, but who can also strongly focus on a few things they find especially engrossing... sound at all familiar?

You need to keep talking to your doctor and adjusting your meds until you find the combination that works for you. It can take awhile. Don't assume that no fix-all feeling from your first medication means it'll work (or indeed that you don't have ADHD after all). 

Stick with it. Keep talking. I get this 100%. I'm also more inattentive then full out hyperactive and I also got diagnosed late in life. Before I got diagnosed I told a friend that I sincerely thought I might have ADHD. And she said that they would've picked up on it when I was still in school. Which didn't happen. And to this day what she said adds to that feeling of being a fraud and lying to oneself like you said. When talking to my psychiatrist I started realising that I most definitely displayed symptoms in school. My teachers where always scolding me for daydreaming and not handing things in on time etc. But my marks were fairly good so no one really cared. I wasn't a problem. All my teachers continuously said that I was lazy and need to get my act together. And this frustrates me because I didn't do as well as I should've in school because not a single damn teacher took the time and just thought "maybe he isn't a lazy piece of sh** like I tell him 5 times a week, maybe I should just send him to the school therapist for a period and get him tested." Anyway I feel like I'm rambling. My point is: I understand how you're feeling, I've been on concerta for 3 years now, and it has obvious changed my life for the better in a lot of ways. And when I think back to High School I feel like my symptoms were obvious and should've been picked up years ago, yet despite all of that I still hear those teachers tell me that I'm actually just lazy, that I am just dumb, that I'm just looking for excuses.  I've read a little about it and it really seems to describe my experience on the whole. Do you have any resources that helped you understand it better that I could look at? My next appointment is in a couple of weeks, I'll talk to my doctor then.  Thanks, your experience sounds like mine. How's your life improved since being on Concerta?  I'm no expert - I hope others can point you towards definitive resources. A quick google at least offers: http://untappedbrilliance.com/adhd-inattentive/ It's difficult to describe because I only noticed it after using Concerta consistently for a couple of months. In the long run I don't fall behind on tasks as often and as drastically as I used to. I'm lessed depressed: I don't know if that's because the medication is literally just improving my mood or because there's a bit more structure to my life which has reduced  the stress caused by my chaotic way of living. My mood ks definitely a bit stabler. My days have a bit more routine than usual. It's easier for me to get up early in the morning and go to bed at more or less the same time whereas before my sleep schedule was non existant lol. I eat healthier to manage the symptoms of the medication amd this is also easier to do because having a bit of structure is just easier for me now. 
In the past I used to have very intense feelings of not wanting to do things, not wanting to stick to habits. It was at times feelings of intense apathy or a very definite feeling of "absolutely, under no circumstances am I going to to this task" or feelings of "don't tell me what to do" and that's calmed down a lot. 

I wanted to say this earlier and got distracted: you're only on 18mg which really isn't a lot. I was on 36mg in the beginning to test out the waters and also because she couldn't just put me on a high dosage from the beginning because according to her the side effects would've been more intense. She told me that some kids are on 36mg.
I am not a doctor and you should definitely listen to whoever is prescribing you your medication but, I dunno what your age and weight is, your doctor is probably gonna up your dosage as you go along. I'm on 56mg. You said that you want that feeling you had in the beginning and odds are, if Concerta is the right drug for you, you'll get that feeling again as the dosage is increased. Yet again, I'm not a doctor, this is just my opinion. 
But don't feel like the meds aren't helping just yet, you're still at the beginning of this process of finding the right medication that works for you. And that will happen. And I hope you can look back on your life in a couple of months time and have those questions/concerns about yourself and who you are that's been bugging you for a long time nake more sense. What I mean by that is I hope you can start to differentiate between who you are as a person and how ADHD has affected you.
I hope this makes sense.
Best of luck to you 