Losing interest in hobbies (in a good way?) I was diagnosed a few weeks ago with ADHD-PI. Yesterday I had my first check-up with my doctor and we're both noticing great improvement. Yet there's one thing that bothers me since I've been on my medication (Adderall), and that I seem to be losing interest in many of the hobbies and interests I had with ADHD.

It's been said that those with ADHD tend to accumulate many hobbies and interests and often going unfinished. I felt the the old adage "Jack of all Trades, Master of None" was particular for my personality.

As a “geek”, there’s things like gaming, browsing Reddit, science news, keeping up with current events, picking up the latest video games, reading comic books, or catching up with the latest Sci-Fi DVD series. It became a label that my friends or family members associated me by.

Yet in the last two weeks, I’ve been more disenchanted with many of those things. Walking into a game store or comic book shop, I now walk out empty handed. Even going here on Reddit I look at the front page, and then close the browser after a couple of minutes.

It’s unnerving to suddenly lose interest in a lot of things all at once. Often it gets correlated with depression and I begin to wonder “What’s the next thing I’ll suddenly lose interest in?”. If being a geek was a part of my identity, what am I now becoming?

At the same time my productivity at work is improving and I’m doing a lot at home with responsibilities I’ve put on hold for so long. I’m actually noticing I’m starting to save money since I’m no longer picking up the “Next best thing” on impulse.

I still hold interest in some things; I enjoy sketching, watching anime, and playing Japanese role-playing games. It's just doesn't feel central to my life, and I no longer feel like I have to be the “Jack of all Trades, Master of None” that I used to be. I have been seriously considering donating many of my old stuff to people who might actually find enjoyment out of it. I just don’t know if it’s normal to feel this way? Or if this is simply a temporary feeling...

I’m at a loss really... [deleted] Ive been on vyvanse for almost a month now and am having the same experience...I have no interest in gaming at all...have more time for home projects I have put off...I no longer feel like lifting weights...cant figure that one out so im walking the dogs more...I have lost interest in my daytrading...need that for my mustang speed parts, and now I no longer feel like driving the mustang...it has sat since I started vyvanse...where I have discontinued some activities they are translating in more time with my wife and kids... so for me the trade offs havent been so bad I guess...maybe after I have finished "catching up" on everything I have put off I may feel less guilty and resume my old activities. Well, I'll be harsh, but the hobbies you describe are typical ADHD procrastination behavior. 

Gaming, Reddit, reading news and blogs and whatnot, are not by itself "productive" hobbies, they don't really manke you a Jack of all Trades. They are a good way to blow off steam, but everything you describe as your hobbies is highly stimulating entertainment that ADD people typically flock to.

The fact that you started loosing interest probably just means there isn't anything to learn from this stuff: I used to play videogames like a madman and now I can't touch them. 

I know this, because I'm prone to this myself. The key with ADD is to actually switch this mechanism and make it productive. So instead of playing Japanese role playing games, challenge your brain and start learning Japanese and its characters.

Instead of playing games, try to program one. And so on and so on.

I struggle with this too, because while ADHD doesn't completely disable learning, it makes it hard to learn how to learn. When I moved to the Netherlands, I hyperfocused on learning Dutch so much that I was functionally fluent after 2.5 weeks. This in itself is a great achievement, and instead of being a normal person and use this as a motivating factor for my French, I just dropped it.

Errrrrr I feel the same way, which is troubling since my volunteer work and job center around my previous hobbies.  After the first month I noticed the same thing. Now Sunday is the day that I do not take my meds for a couple reasons, like not having to do any work because I try to finish my work on Saturday. By doing so I try to make the most of my day by doing the things Iike fishing, gaming, hiking, etc. that's what works for me, everyone's different. If it gets to bad talk to your doctor maybe a different medication is right for you. Best of luck! 
 I've never been on medication and I experience the same phenomenon. Video games are so hit or miss with me, I haven't finished half my games, I'll binge on them for a few days or weeks and then suddenly stop playing. Probably for the best, but I still feel like I've wasted my money on them at times.

I cycle through my interests at random intervals, often developing new hobbies in the interim although new hobbies don't tend to last too long. It's definitely frustrating. I bought a new set of paints and I've hardly touched them since I bought them. My piano is sitting in the other room gathering dust. Right now I'm on a gardening kick, that seems to be the most consistent hobby of mine at least.

... Yet there are times where nothing holds my interest, so I can relate. Redditing nonstop. I just hit the site occasionally winding down for sleep now. Also, video games. I haven't fired up Steam since New Year's day when I decided to get help.

I have been more interested in guitar and exercise. Running kills so many birds with one stone. I experience the same thing on meds but in a positive way. I'm much more productive in things that matter. Gaming and watching TV don't interest anymore as I'm busy doing something else that I wouldn't definitely do while unmedicated.  I have taken Adderall for most of my life, so cannot comment on whether or not I've lost interest in hobbies I had before taking it, but two of my main hobbies, gaming and piano, have always been strong. I've had times where I just randomly drop playing a game and don't go back to it for months, I'm not sure if it's the same feeling as what you're feeling though. I'd say just roll with it. If you're anything like me, even unmedicated you can lose interest in things, I certainly do all the time. 

One thing I have found is that improvements in my routine and my life that have spurred improvements in my mental state, have been followed by a lack of interest in the things that used to really get me going. 

Gaming has been one of them. At times I want to piece together a gaming computer and get back into the madness and play all these awesome games out there. But anytime I've actually sat down to play a game these days, I can't overcome the feeling that it is a gigantic waste of time. That my time could be better spent doing something else, like learning or exercising and improving my health.

Embrace the change. Some of your interests may come back. But now may be a time to find new interests, things that really spark your interest now. I don't know much of anything about being medicated, but I can only imagine that meds might make it a little easier to get started on an idea that unmedicated may have just stayed an idea, if you get what I mean? 

Get out there and keep exploring! The world is a large place and life is meant to be experienced :)  i recently started feeling this way after being on adderall for about 2 years (like 12 years of ritalin before that). i'm 21 and i started to not wanna do the things i once loved... it felt weird. i didn't like it. so my psych gave me some antidepressants (effexor) to take with my adderall. been on it for about two weeks and my whole life has turned around. i actually feel like myself again! i would talk to your doctor, tell him/her this, and see what they say. when i told my psych she said that often ADHD people get anxiety/depression easier and that they run hand-in-hand, so you never know. 

also though, could be your meds. when i was on ritalin i felt it took away my personality and made me really introverted. i never really noticed this until i got to college, which is when i switched to adderall. medication affects everyone differently so it could just be a reaction to the adderall too! Not just procrastination but also ways of releasing the endorphins to stimulate the brain. Buying 'stuff' creates excitement, taking off the wrapping, playing with something - if some theories are right, it makes sense that your brain is no longer seeking those sources of stimulation. Instead, it's freeing you up to become more engrossed in drawing (or actually finishing a JRPG)

Be patient and try not to let yourself halt treatment because you feel like you're changing. You WANTED a change. Now you're seeing it. Change is scary and uncomfortable, even when it's positive. That was also me while unmedicated. Don't even ask about my Steam library (ughh the Steam sales drove me nuts!). I had games from genres that I wasn't even into, only because they were listed as "Game of the Year" so they must be good. *The Last of Us* for example, got phenomenal reviews; yet after the first few hours I thought "I spent $60 on this? The post-apoctolyptic setting is so depressing..." I shelved it to play it the next day...a year passes and I still haven't touched the game.

I was told by my doctor that my focus would shift. Yet I was unprepared for the lack of interest in hobbies since I started taking the meds. Why I posted yesterday was more of a "OMG what is going on I hope I'm not depressed" sort of thing as well as a realization that well...having so many interests isn't all that's cracked up to be.

I still think it's a good thing to have hobbies, but I'm beginning to realize that it's better to have two or three interests as opposed to 15 or 20 different interests. I feel somewhat similar, except I had problems sticking to just two main hobbies.

I'm mostly interested music, art, and gaming. Yet it's not as simple as that: With music, I'd switch from making electronic trance to piano to guitar; with art, I'd switch from drawing to photography to bead making to painting models to building intricate Lego sets; with gaming, I'd go from FPS's to RPGs to JRPGs to RTSs to Turn-based games.

I would look at my friends somewhat with envy, "How can you play *just* piano?" or "How can you *just* draw" or "How is it that you can play *just* League of Legends?” Yet at the same time I saw how skilled they were in just those few things and how poor I was at everything else.

I guess I'm just now beginning to realize this and slowly (and painfully) sticking with just the few things I'm really into. It really helps that I don't have the distractions of gaming blogs, Facebook, or my Amazon wishlist that I would have during the "down-time" at work. I've been on Effexor for about a year and just taking Adderall. I think it actually is effecting me positively. Yet I guess too much of a good thing is starting to put a toll on me as I now realize that there was so much extra baggage. Having my life turn around in only two weeks is a lot to take in :P I agree, it's really scary. There's the component that ahtlastengineering mentioned, the Facebook, Redditing, News, blogs, etc that many of us with ADHD flock to; where we receive constant updates and feedback that provides stimulation. With that stimulation drives the excessive need to keep up "Wow, 'Super Blaster Commando 2' looks great, if I get that game I can post Facebook updates, YouTube clips, and share the experience with fellow gamers on /r/gaming". Yet that never happens, I read up on all the previews (to where I know more about the game than most people) pick up the game, play it for an hour, and then get drawn to the next new shiny thing. 

In fact, you can exchange gaming for photography, music, arts/crafts, etc...it's all the same thing. The passive stimulation, the buildup of excitement while you wait to pick up *x* item in the mail or the rush to drive to the mall to pick up *y* item, the release of endorphins...and then seeking the next source of excitement.

What seems like is going on now is that there's some feelings of regret. "If only I knew sooner...", along with some worries, "What if I lose interest in *everything*?" or "What if the medication wears off and I revert back to my old stimulation-seeking self again?".

It's hard to say right now. I still look forward to watching some anime and catching up on an unfinished JRPG after work today, maybe drawing a few sketches...heck I actually want to pick up my guitar again this weekend (haven't touched it in over 6 months), but the forms of "passive" stimulation: Facebook, Reddit, Blogs, Amazon.com (ughh the shopping), CNN/BBC just don't provide the same stimulation as they used to. I'm more prone to well...turn off my computer and get some work done.

It just feels...weird being in a different state of mind. As you said, change really is scary and uncomfortable. My best advice would be to write down how you feel (cause I know I would forget) and tell your doctor. I've been on medications for such a long time and it took up until now to find the correct one. There are so many medications so you just might not be on the right one, ya know?! Good luck! 