Forgetting what a post says when trying to comment I swear this happens to me every time I try to comment. I’ll be responding to a post and then can’t remember half of the original post or become unsure of what it said- and, as a result, I forget what I was going to say, so I have to copy all the text I’ve written, exit out of the comment tab, skim the post again, and THEN I remember what I was going to comment. I usually have to do it several times before I can finish my comment, depending on how long the original post was. Is that just me or does this happen to any of y’all too?  This is why I suck at maintaining relationships, it takes me 45 minutes to respond to a text longer than a tweet, which makes serious conversations through text a shit show. I also hate talking on the phone because of social anxiety, so I fuck myself over on that too.

But apparently neither of us are alone, which at least makes me feel a little better!

Edit: after counting it took me 14 minutes to put that together Yes. Yes and... yep,i usually go completely off topic when i reply to someone,then a few hours later,realise (randomly) that i wrote crazy talk,so avoid reddit for a few days and then,when the need for info gets too much..i quickly delete any response/abuse before i can read it.

reddits a consistent barrel of laughs  :( Oh man. This is so me. Even if I’m pretty sure I know what the post said I will still double check just in case I’m commenting about something completely unrelated  Are you using the official Reddit mobile app? I’ve been using Apollo instead, and unlike the official app, it shows you the original post in the comment screen. And you can copy text from the original post, which for some reason I have never been able to do in the official app. I feel ya on the phone thing too. Communicating with ADHD is just unnecessarily hard, man
(I meant to send this as a reply 3 hours ago but every time manage to make it a standalone comment. Oops.) Oh man, that really sucks. I’m sorry :( Thank you!! You just saved everyone on this thread haha  hey its cool man,i’m kinda poking fun at myself a little too...it is ridiculous..as you can imagine,i stopped facebook/twitter type apps years ago haha I switched recently because the official app stopped giving me little preview blurbs of text posts, and I hated having to click into a post to see whether I wanted to read it. And then I realized the Apollo fixed basically everything that annoyed me about the official app. 

It even has a feature where it will notice if you have a reddit url copied into your clipboard and offer to take you there! This is something that annoys me about every web application with a mobile app—they never have an option for you to use a URL to reach something in the app, and the “open in app” function doesn’t always work so well, especially now that everyone does embedded browsers instead of sending you to the browser app to open a link. 