Does it mean my med/dose (Vyvanse 60mg) is working when it doesn’t feel like a stimulant? Is that how we know if our meds are working/at the optimal dosage? Would appreciate your thoughts here guys! I’ve had 2 doctors run the DSM diagnostic questions on me which indicated I likely have a mild form of it, I recently submitted a referral for a psychoneurological evaluation to confirm this as that’ll be more comprehensive (sidenote: hard to find a psychiatrist that assesses adults!). 

I have been on meds since March (Vyvanse), started at 30mg for a little bit, then moved up to 40mg, and now at 60mg. The lower doses made me feel amped up and hyper (duh, stimulant), but at 60mg I feel more tamed. Not dull, but just kind of...feeling down to earth? Does that mean that this is my optimal dose? Because at 30-40mg I felt a chronic internal restlessness that would be stirred up or exacerbated more than it already was and I’d feel extra social when the med kicked in whereas now on the higher dose I don’t. I also want to be very clear that I take my meds responsibly and don’t abuse them. From what I understand, a stimulant’s effect on a person with ADHD will actually have the opposite effect (calm them down) compared to a person without ADHD. Is this true? 

Don’t get me wrong, I still open my internet browser and pull up 50 tabs to read (lol isn’t it annoying that everything is just so fascinating?!), but it’s just that now I feel more methodical about it and not so antsy/anxious because I don’t feel that overwhelming feeling like I should be doing other things.  Something to make clear: 30 and 40mg were *ineffective* doses. 60mg is good for you, which makes it *effective*, but not necessarily optimal.

How long does 60mg last you? Does it only cut it at its peak? Are you getting at least eight hours of coverage, optimally something like 10-12? If not, you don't have an *optimal* dose yet, and you should ask your doctor about trying either the 70mg (if you're in a country where it's approved) or any supplemental strategies they recommend. I can't advise it to others because I'm not a doctor, but I personally take a 20mg Adderall followed in 4hr by a 60mg Vyvanse for pharmocokinetics reasons. I don't know if a significant number of others do stuff like that! I suggested it to my doctor after research. 

For process evaluation considerations, 60mg Vyvanse wasn't enough for me. It was noticeable, but it didn't give me more than two hours of good coverage. I had experience with 5,10,15,20mg IR Adderall as well as 30mg XR, so I experimented (always with my doctor's guidance) and found my current routine. The reason it works is the 20mg isn't fully gone in 4hr, it decays down to what I qualitatively approximate as the equivalent 5mg of Adderall, and that plus the Vyvanse gives me another six hours of great symptom relief.

Don't stop the titration once you've found something good! Very few things will improve your life as much as your medication will. Keep the effort up, even if it means working through a few ineffective medication schedules looking for something even better. Every small bit of improvement will pay off massively in the next few months, years, decades. My meds and other stimulants have always calmed me down. No kind of stimulant prescribed or otherwise has ever made me feel amped up or hyper. They always give me clarity and the ability to stop and focus on what I should be doing rather than every little thing that grabs my attention away from the task.

&#x200B;

When I wasn't on meds for a few years after highschool I ended up drinking at least 3 monsters a day just so I could focus enough to feel like I'm even there.  I'm familiar with that feeling of internal restlessness and for me it always is a sign that the blood levels of stimulant have dropped, i.e., there isn't enough stimulant in my system.

I think that, if you really feel better and more functional on 60mg, it's likely that is an optimal dose.  Everyone is different in how their bains utilize amphetamine.  Trial and error, and titrating the dosage (usually from low to high) are the usually methods to discover optimal dosages for an individual.

Take care. I don’t know for sure, I just started on a trial of Vyvanse and while I think it calms me down considerably (even only at 30mg) it does not manage my ADHD. I have been struggling with actually completing any task (which is my off meds struggle too) but being overall more thorough in the parts of the task that I do complete (I normally get frustrated and cut corners) and definitely feel like it is “working” longer than AddXR ever did for me. I think a higher dose would probably be better. I feel easily distracted at 30mg by other things that need to be done. Also my brain does feel foggier than on Adderall. In general I do not like Vyvanse as much but I am trying to make choices that smooth me out and lessen irritability and hyper focus which I suffer from off meds and on Adderall to a degree that it interferes significantly with my life. No hyperfocus at all on Vyvanse. Hope that helps! Great advice and use of the word titration! Mine wake me up. However I also do have sleep issues like sleep apnea and delayed rem sleep etc. 

I never went into rem sleep when I was tested until I had a cpap.

But.... I’ve also survived on over 500mg of caffeine a day. I would fall asleep in class and sleep through fire alarms.  This. Never been more calm on adderall/vyvanse. My friends who used it for studying, buying it from friends, would be WIRED for the whole damn day and actually end up not doing much work.  Interesting, thanks for sharing, do you mind weighing in on what the difference is like with Vyvanse and AdderallXR? I too started on a 30mg sample, but never been on meds like this before. Also, you suffered from hyper focus both off meds and on Adderall? Maybe I’m misunderstanding something, but that sounds like a dream instead of a bad thing lol Hyperfocus off meds and on Adderall XR. Yes, I loved that I hyperfocused a lot when I was working, I’ve always been an exceptional employee, but I am a SAHM now so that’s actually a major problem for me. I need to be able to maintain my house and do mundane, repetitive tasks all day long (I cook three meals and two snacks and clean up after each EVERY SINGLE DAY, it’s an adhd nightmare) and it’s virtually impossible for me to keep up with that when I get into something and hyperfocus.

Vyvanse makes my brain feel duller but calmer. I don’t have brain fog off meds though, it’s always racing. I feel like I feel what normal people must be like when I take Vyvanse whereas I feel more like myself on Adderall. I am definitely a better mom and less annoying on Vyvanse though. Or an example is that I love art and am very creative, but as I got older I just couldn’t find the patience for getting out the paints and painting, even on Adderall, but with Vyvanse I have been painting again and I even put my brushes away after rather than letting them dry with paint on them and having to throw them away haha. 