What was that thing that limits your access to the fun internet so you can focus on your work/study? I'm trying to study and as you can see I'm all over the place...I think it was a browser extension or something like that. I found Flipd. It basically locks your phone for a set amount of time but you can mark certain phone numbers and apps as okay to use. I use it when I'm desperate at work. I won't look stuff up on work computers as that can be seen by corporate so it at least means I can't use my phone.  You might be thinking of StayFocusd:

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stayfocusd/laankejkbhbdhmipfmgcngdelahlfoji?hl=en

Good luck with your studying! Crackbook works for me. 

Sticks a 10 second delay on loading any time-wasting websites (or the entire web). You can still access it, but it removes the instant gratification and takes the fun out.  I wasn't aware something like this exists. My last research paper I did for college was supposed to be on vitamins, supplements, fad diets and the effect on the human body. It was Anatomy and Physiology. I started it immediately at week one with a lot of enthusiasm. Wrote half a page and then didn't pick back up on it until the day before it was due. I turned it in at 11:58pm one minute before being late. I got a B overall.  

While trying to write the paper and doing research I kept ending up all over the place. 


- The American Revolution has nothing to do with supplements how did I get here?

- What am I doing on reddit again?

- Why am I looking up shoes now? Damn it I'm supposed to be writing a paper. 

- vitamins, leads to nutrients, leads to nutrition and bam now I'm printing out great healthy recipes for dinner next week. This doesn't help me with my paper at all. 

The sad part is I'm all about nutrition so I picked a topic I thought I would enjoy. Heck in high school when I had to write papers it was common for me to research the crap out of my topic become very knowledgeable on it but fail to actually write the paper. Then when I got decent at actually writing the paper I messed up all the citations. Now I have the citations down pat and I usually end up having 2 pages of sources at the end or more. My biggest problem is getting started or should I say sticking with it to finish in a timely manner. 


I'm hoping medication will help with this issue but when I brought it up to my doctor I think she got the impression I want adhd meds to help me with college. Apparently college kids abuse them for better grades. It took me a week to read a chapter in my chemistry book (I hate math and it was all math it was 20 pages I can tear through a whole chapter of GOT no problem 20 pages is nothing especially since most of it was pictures and math equations heck I read all of The Hunger Games novels in under 2 weeks cover to cover). This was not as big a problem with biology or psychology. A&P was hard because my memory sucks and I had to memorize a shit load of new terms. I vowed to make flash cards, made a few lost them, bought a fancy boxed set of premade ones, opened it twice. I ended up going over the answers to the "pretests" several times immediately before the actual proctored tests which got me a C on most of them. 

Trust me my grades are not the biggest issue but it would be really nice to sit down and actually study without thinking about folding my laundry or other uncompleted tasks. It would also be nice to not interrupt people at work when they are talking, to get some of my work shit done, not drift off into conversations when I should be working and a host of other adhd related issues.  The "OurPact" app! (For phone internet and and apps) 

I swear it was made exactly for ADHD people.  This. 

https://getcoldturkey.com/ 1. Grab a piece of paper

2. Write down a list of subjects or sections you need to study.

3. Put little check boxes next to them.

4. Finish the first one, then take a break.

5. Repeat.

* Consider putting on some lyric-less music. Orchestral, trance, etc. 