"List Phobia / List Aversion" - A life lesson in organization that I'll quickly share Life has been really, really, really hectic for me. I got prescribed medication at the right time. Everything was falling behind both at work, in marriage, at home, with bills, and even health. 

I started making lists of everything because I was frequently forgetting critical things. I had lists of lists, it was that crazy. But the lists helped. 

(Unfortunately the medication did not help me "remember things out of thin air" such as a friend's birthday. However it *did* help by remembering things like, "Why was this browser tab open?" or "Why did I walk into this room?".)

I noticed after awhile that I'd get this stabby pain when I'd remember something I needed to add to a list. I'd reluctantly add it. This stabby pain kept re-appearing, but only when I went to add something to a list. 

You see, I was adding things to lists faster than I could complete them. They were piling up. The stabbies increased exponentially. Then I got into burn out and my pleasant reality crumbled even more. 

I realized this week ... there are simply some things you should *not* add to lists. 

I was getting the stabbies as a sort of List Phobia/List Aversion. It's very similar to the feeling of Misophonia (commonly known as "Nails on Chalkboard" – check out their subreddit!) 

**(TLDR) My error was that in my state of survival mode, I thought, "If something can be added to a list, it *should* be added to a list." This was entirely wrong.**

I have forgotten that it's okay to forget those many minor things. It's okay if you get an idea or remember something minor and it floats away with the wind. We're human, and in my self-preservation I was imposing inhuman expectations to remember, document, and complete every damn thing. 

This is a tangled slinky that will take time to unravel. But **Knowledge Is Power** and understanding my mere-human limitations, I can better forgive myself. Things are getting better in my life as a whole since this understanding. 

Thank you for reading! Thanks for wording this! I was rambling trying to explain this yesterday. The confidence recquired to not have it listed or be okay with potential probs because human. Leftover strategy from lifehacks - feels strange to try not planning every moment. Safely. I for sure do it chaotically. Balance. Thanks  Thank you for sharing! List burnout is *very* real. I'm sure many of us have been there at some point. I have no advice to offer, as I'm still trying to figure out a system that will work for me, but you're sooo right. I feel that with ADHD, we have to learn to manage the incredibly *in*human expectations we set for ourselves, and that's not easy. Keep on trying to improve and forgiving yourself, it's the best way to move forward :)  I think I've felt this before. When things are piling up, and your brain is staring at those items on the list, thinking "alright, but how the fuck do I even DO that... time to make another list I guess..." 

I ended up developing two strategies for checking items off the list. One of them was "I did this, go me," the other was "I do not give a single fuck about this any more." 