I Always Have a Million Browser Tabs Open. Seriously, I don't know why I can't just close one after I'm done using it, but by the time lunch rolls around at work I've got so many browser tabs open that I can't find anything. Same with outlook messages and IE windows. 

Even on my phone and tablet (side note, iOS devices, is there a way to close all tabs at once? Closing them individually becomes an endeavor). 

Has anyone encountered this phenomena? Even with meds, I've improved with focus, but I still struggle with organization and follow-up. Suggestions for helping manage things like this? In particular the issue with the windows and tabs, it's incredibly frustrating :( I do this all the time. My friends were talking about it one day. They always ask me how I play 5-10 different games at a time or why do I have so many chrome tabs open. Most of the time it bothers me to close the tabs too, I feel like I will lose somthing if I close a website This is me 100%. I have the inability to work on one thing at a time. There's a reason I can only use Alien Blue and can't be on desktop version- SO MANY LINKS EVERYWHERE. I'll end up crashing my browser if I'm not careful. I'm still pretty bad about it, but things such as using the apps (with AlienBlue, Tumblr, Facebook, email, etc.), avoiding sites with too much clickbait, and using Pocket (an app in which you can save links to go back to and tag them for easy access) have helped some. That and being mindful :) 

Edit: Also! I tend to save (star) the articles/posts I want to read on Reddit but don't have the time to at the moment.  [deleted] Yep, I constantly have tons of tabs open. I actually got a Chrome extension (Onetab) that sortof acts as a temporary bookmarks feature. You can also move the links around to different lists, to help organize which links are for what task/project. Might be helpful to you as well :)  The Great Suspender plugin suspends tabs that are not in use so you can get 10 million open at once. I have noticed most people with ADHD do this, and its been talked about before on this sub. I however, do not do this. It bothers me a lot to have more than 4 or 5 tabs open, possibly due to my OCD. I regularly have 300 Firefox tabs open at any given time. I'm not even kidding here. Tree Style Tab for Firefox is a godsend. Ever since I bought my computer on November, it has always 50+ tabs. I eventually had to separate them into windows of serious stuff, entertainment stuff, online shopping stuff, etc. That's about as far as I got with "organization."  I bought 16 gigs of RAM so I could keep 50 plus tabs open and not worry about it.
A method to my madness though. One set of tabs is on my third monitor which is a 60 inch TV and that is all my media stuff, youtube, netflix, twitch streams. One set of tabs is on my second monitor which is vertical and that has all my email accounts, canvas tabs for each class. My main monitor is 27 inches and is all kinds of random but with a touch of organised chaos. Also anytime I have a paper or something specific I will open up a new set of window and a whole set of tabs just for that until that project is finished completely.     I use this extension called [The Great Suspender](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-great-suspender/klbibkeccnjlkjkiokjodocebajanakg?hl=en). It suspends tabs that have been inactive for more than 20 minutes or so. Saves a lot of CPU power. Once they're suspended, I usually end up closing them unless I really want to re-visit something, then you can just click and it re-loads the page. Helps manage the tabs you actually want to be active.  I have a million *porn* tabs open >_> It is ordinary for me to have hundreds of tabs open at any given time. I deal with solving technical problems often so that usually requires me to cycle through many pieces of information in a short amount of time.

I also tend to go on "knowledge quests" for lack of a better term, where I go crazy looking for something or read up everything I possibly can on a certain topic.

These behaviors can often wreak havoc on my computer's resources, so I end up creating new browser profiles all of the time. I used to use the stumbleupon add on to save individual links and sort them by tags, but they did a major redesign that rendered the site useless to me (luckily I wrote a script to scrape all my saved links from there).

I think that a long-term solution consists of a sorting/storage medium, browser add-ons to limit number of active tabs at any given time, and the self imposed rule of "one browser window per quest".

Use pocket or some other solution to save links that you wish to refer back to later. In Firefox, use CTRL-SHIFT-E to give you a tab sorting interface. Work hard to establish the notion that you'll either need to sort your tabs now, or close the window permanently to maintain order.

Keep on rocking on the information superhighway.  *claps slowly* Last week, i literally had so many tabs open my computer would freeze whenever i tried to click on one. 

And does anyone do the thing where you open articles in another tab "to read later" but then forget about it...and it sits there forever... Literally just noticed that I'm doing the exact same thing right now. It's the most frustrating thing having the motivation and focus to have a million different things open, as if I'm creating some sort of scenario in my head about "queueing up" the next task/page, just to set myself up for failure when I stop opening tabs because I end up focusing intently on the individual topics which leaves me no time to nearly get through all of them.

I feel as if I'm 100% capable at focusing on and completing a task, however it's almost as if the task needs to have an "end," so I know when it's over. If the task is something that can go on indefinitely, like browsing the internet, I'll just run myself into the ground not being able to stop.

I suppose I'm trying to address this by prioritizing *what* I'm doing before I do it, so I don't get caught in an endless loop. Getting there, but not quite. My psych is switching medications tomorrow (currently Dexedrine, switching to Adderall) so we'll see how that goes. I'm optimistic, fingers crossed! I highly recommend using a browser addon  like Pocket - you can save all of those tabs for later and clear the decks very quickly.  It has become quite a big problem for me. They stay open due to a combination of OCD and ADHD. I use a program called session buddy so I can save them before my computer crashes.

I have had ~~266~~ 262 tabs open in 12 different windows at once before...

Edit: 4 off

Edit 2: Added # of windows One of the things I've done to cut down on the number of tabs (still a lot but not nearly as much as before) is make use of Pocket like /u/thehappinessparadox mentioned. If I have a number of lengthy news articles or something like that open, I might save it to Pocket to read later. I'll frequently check those out later on my phone on a lunch break or killing time somewhere. If you set it up to download the article to your phone, it can be really handy in a place with a bad signal and no wifi. I haven't gotten it to work well on my phone with saved reddit comment pages though.

With tabs, I try to shift them from left and right depending on how new they are, likelihood they'll stay open (usually sites like Google Music), or complexity (lengthy articles and reddit threads). Stuff that stays open go to the far left followed by lengthy stuff in order of potential time sink. I move the tab I'm currently reading to the far right and usually keep the reddit frontpage 2nd from the right. It can help me keep track of all the new stuff I recently opened, stuff I haven't looked at for a while and prompt me to reevaluate.

*Note: I do the following using Chrome but I have IE instructions further below*:

Another thing I'll do is try to group related content together. I'm currently doing that by opening another Chrome window and transferring those related tabs to it (drag and drop from one window to another). To minimize replacing the tab problem with a window problem, I use Chrome's "bookmark open tabs" function. I save them in an appropriately named bookmark folder (including the date might help organize) and then close the window to read later once I've finished reading through my current group of tabs. When I want to read them, I right-click on the bookmark folder and choose "open all bookmarks in a new window".

This is really handy if I'm playing a video game and have a bunch of tabs for guides, maps, etc. open (Dragon Age: Inquisition caused this to be enough of a problem to search for a solution). I open the bookmarks in a new window when I start playing and close the window when I'm done. If I significantly changed the tabs in that window while playing, I'll save the current set of tabs in a new folder with the current date. 

&nbsp;

**Instructions for IE**

It looks like you should be able to replicate the above process on IE although open the new window first when opening saved tabs:

* Saving Tabs: To save a group of tabs, click the Favorites button, In Internet Explorer 8, click the arrow next to the Add to Favorites button, and then click Add Current Tabs to Favorites. In Internet Explorer 7, click the Add to Favorites button Picture of the Add to Favorites , and then click Add Tab Group to Favorites. Give the tab group a name, and then click Add.

* Click the Favorites button and then click the folder that you want to open. Click the arrow to the right of the folder name Picture of the Open in tab group button. All of the webpages will open on separate tabs. When you open a group of tabs in this way, Internet Explorer 8 groups those tabs by displaying a color band at the top the tabs.

Also, you can prevent Windows from displaying each tab as a separate window in the task bar by doing the following:

* To disable IE tab previews in taskbar, just open Internet Explorer > Tools > Internet Options. Open settings for ‘Tabs’ and uncheck the box saying ‘Show previews for individual tabs in the taskbar’. Click Ok and restart IE for letting changes to take effect. Yep. This is me. The worst is reading wikipedia. One minute I'm reading about Alligators and then two dozen tabs later im reading about Ostern movies. Those are Western movies made in the Soviet Union. Yup its a thing. [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5278 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/35994) Hah!  I only close my tabs when the browser crashes. Also, I usually have from 3 to 5 chromes open, and each one has a billion tabs open in it  I sometimes am looking/reading/researching so much that I get up and walk around flustered and then get angry that I have nothing to preoccupy me. My mind is fucked up. Such a thirst for knowledge, I wish I could focus it on one thing.  Oh god. The browser crashed so many times that I'm practically used to it. And of course, the magic bookmark all function needs an honorable mention. So I have always done this, usually 10 to 60 tabs over 3 to 4 browsers over multiple computers. I use get pocket to reduce them and save. Also Evernote to take actual notes so I don't have to read them again. Multiple trans seem to function as part of my memory. I will leave tabs open because I'm researching something or it's for a task in the future. I don't want to close them because I want to remember to do the thing. So tabs for me basically function as part of my memory. Sometimes when I get frustrated and go through tabs to close I will just be thinking, Yes this is interesting but I don't actually care. Now pocket has lots of things saved that I probably won't look at either.  I feel you on that. The worst is when I realize that I have 5 tabs of the same thing open... I just try to close anything I don't actually need periodically, sometimes something will get lost, cue me spamming restore tab frantically. Ahhh... Adhd life. I use a session saver plugin, my favorite one is on Chrome called [Session Buddy](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/session-buddy/edacconmaakjimmfgnblocblbcdcpbko?hl=en). The other I've been using lately as I've switched to Firefox is [Session Manager](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/session-manager/). When my tabs start piling on too much I close as many as I know I don't need and then save my session so I can restart my browser knowing I haven't lost anything.

To be honest, lately I rarely even save my sessions. I've started to learn I am not going to get back to the countless things I open up, so unless it's really important I just close the tab. If it's that important you'll either come across it again, or you can save a bookmark.

Sometimes I do genuinely end up with a lot of tabs that I need to keep open, so I either try and organize the tabs into different windows, or on Firefox there's a tab grouping function you can get to by pressing Control+Shift+E (Command+Shift+E on OS X). There's also plugins out there to search your open tabs, and Firefox by default searches through your tabs when you type in the URL bar. This. Sometimes my games lag, and then I realize it's because I have 30 Chrome tabs open. Is there a Chrome addon that will save the tabs so you can get rid of them to save memory and what not?

I always have like 30 tabs going, sometimes I'll have 2 Chrome sessions up each one with there own tabs. I'll have IMDb, my online banking, Amazon, 5 different subreddits, torrent sites, etc. There has to be something that you can do to click on the ones you simply want hide but easily bring them back up. But when there hidden there it's not using all that memory. 

I got a pretty beast of a computer but once I start my Chrome OCD my desktop def starts to slow down. This is pretty much a daily thing for me. I open link after link and never get around to reading/watching/listening to all of them. The worst offenders for me are forums, Reddit and porn (tube sites especially).

If I only used my laptop for browsing, I'd take out some RAM so that it runs out before things get out of hand. oh my goodness im in the same boat. at the current moment i have 264 tabs open. tab managing add ons for my browser are the only thing keeping me from buying more ram just so i can have even more tabs up :,D good luck friend you arent alone. I used to have 80+ tabs open as a matter of routine. I'd start opening tabs from the far left some months down the road and realize that I opened something, forgot about it, and had left it there. Then, as I was probably looking for something specific, I'd tell myself that I would come back to it later and proceed to do the same thing again. 

Now, I never let the tabs get so numerous that I can't see the mini icon at the top. The instant that happens, I find something to remove. On a day where I'm on stimulants, I can usually get it down to 5 tabs. Right now, I have 29 open. Here's the worst part, my strategy for getting the tabs paired down blows. If something is too interesting to close (either because I have to read a LOT of text, or it's something that I can't take action on yet), I favorite it. if it's closeable, I close it. Now my favorites list is so long that I'll never actually get a chance to go through it all. 

I've come to the hard and fast conclusion that having ADHD (PI) makes it more important for me to know exactly what I want to do with my life than for other people around me. The way I see it, I have enough curiosity an interest to go around. I can follow an internet rabbit hole for an infinite period of time. The internet will run out of stuff to show me on a subject before I'll run out of interest (it's happened before). So, I can't just stuff those links away for later because I won't live long enough to pursue all of these different interests, and they may even end up being fleeting interests. 

I'm still trying to figure it all out. Meanwhile, sugar! > I feel like I will lose something if I close a website

exactly Sounds like hoarding almost. How often do you actually go back and read the articles/posts that you save for a later date?  I always tell myself I want to check them out later, but rarely do. This looks interesting http://www.trailblazer.io/ Download the great suspended. Suspenfs tabs after a while save RAM I do this too! I get annoyed at it for yelling at me, but it's better than my machine slowing down (it's really old), and then me having to just close tabs without being sure what they even were to avoid a browser crash... can you recommend one? Omg, this would be so nice. I always have hundreds open. D: Onetab is pretty cool, I downloaded it not too long ago.  
  
The only thing is that I will forget it is there, and when I notice I have 30 tabs, chrome seems to crash as I try and close things and put some into Onetab. Hmm...sounds interesting.  
  
[Linked to it,](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-great-suspender/klbibkeccnjlkjkiokjodocebajanakg?hl=en) just download it now...you know better than to think youll do it later. Hey that's what I do to, I think it works great. This is going to increase the speed of my laptop ten fold. Thank you for sharing this! The rate of increase in RAM and HDD space really does make it easy to become the digital equivalent of a hoarder.

Maybe I'll close some tabs... eh, got enough ram available for now. 

I should probably delete some of the files that I haven't touched since 2003 and keep transferring to new computers... but what if I might need it someday? Eh, plenty of HDD space available. I'll just throw it in "Sort Me" folder and deal with it later. It depends- I usually do get around to them eventually. I have Pocket on my laptop AND my phone, same with Reddit, so when I'm out killing time (in the car, waiting room at the doctor's office, basically anytime I have those ten or fifteen minutes to kill but no laptop) I'll pull out my phone and go through and read the articles/posts I've saved. Sometimes I devote certain days to going through them, too, when I don't really have anything going on.  This looks awesome! I'm gonna check this out- I'll let you know how it works out.  but did you close the download tab? I mean it's great for organizing tabs but it carries the problem to a whole 'nother level I do the same exact thing. I transfer over old files that are useless to me, I never delete them for some reason To my own surprise, yes, I did. 