I really need to start closing tabs before going onto the next one... [Taskmanager](https://i.imgur.com/Ds95Y2T.png) This deserves infinite upvotes lmao this is so real The only way I close tabs on my mutiple browsers is when they crash and I can't recover them. I also switch from one browser to another whenever I feel overwhelmed by too many open tabs I can't get to close cause "I want to go back to it later" until the other browser clutters as well. One eventually crashes from the 3 I use, so there's always one not so full.  U_U I use "the great suspended": https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-great-suspender/klbibkeccnjlkjkiokjodocebajanakg I mean, it doesn't solve the root of the problem, but my computer runs better. I have this exact problem. I will get 15-20 open pages from weeks before sometimes. End up having to force myself to close them. 

Side question. Does anyone else get a overwhelming feeling if you are trying to work on a task and other unneeded pages are open?  Did you know that when you get to 100 tabs open in Chrome on iOS it stops counting? Instead of a number it says :) Same!! I have 19 tabs open in the window I'm currently using that have been open for more than 24 hours. And then there's another 5 or 6 that I've opened today (including this one). Then there's about four more windows open each with half a dozen tabs.

The only thing I can say in my defense is that about 30% of the first 19 are used daily, so that's why they're left open. The rest of them... just... ugh.... Yeah when my tabs reach critical mass I use the "Bookmark All" function and have massive folders of websites I need to sort out. I'l give that shot, Thanks! Did you notice any annoying effects with it so far? What have you done... now I have EVEN MORE TABS than ever before! 


No but rly thanks for the suggestion, its rly usefull!  Yeah I try to seperate related tabs into windows. Recently I found out you can hold Shift and click the tabs to select multiple, dunno why I never tried that before, but it helped A LOT to manage them. Mom says her computer is slow 

I look at the tabs she has open

35 tabs open

Spend 30 minutes closing them

Repeat once a week. Oh well now I HAVE to try Not that I can think of off hand.  But I switched to Firefox awhile back so I'm not sure. I did not find this out on purpose... 😂 I believe you! 