After years of hating my brain, I'm on my firs step to doing something about it. A few years ago, I saw an ad on TV for a drug to help with adult ADD. They described it as your brain is a TV where the channels keep changing. I sat there for a moment and realized that's exactly what my brain has been doing for as long as I can remember. I never really pursued it at all. I just thought that I'd gone this long with it, I can just keep going. As I'm getting older, I'm starting to get more frustrated with myself. I can't have any kind of conversation without my brain trying to remember who that actor was in that one movie. 

In school, I was never the greatest student. 2.5-3.0 average. Procrastination is my middle name. Homework was always put off till the night before or an hour before it's due. I seemed to always do better under a time crunch. As a 32-year-old, I know that is nothing to brag about. College wasn't any better. I actually failed an intro to computers course while doing my Associates degree in IT. I also went on to get a degree in computer science. I failed that class because it was boring. I'd procrastinate because it was too easy and couldn't work ahead. I'd realize the night all the work was due that I hadn't done 2 months worth of assignments. 

At work, it's a task and a half to stay alert and focused on conference calls or meetings. My desk is always messy and unorganized. My previous boss would always make fun of me for it. I'd clean my desk, but a few days later it would be back to it again. I do computer support over the phone and this makes things difficult sometimes.

At home, I feel ashamed when my wife is talking to me about something and my mind wanders and I missed half of what she was saying. I feel embarrassed when I put the remote down and a minute later I can't find it. I'll spend the next 5 minutes looking for it only to see I put it back exactly where I had picked it up before. I can never make mental notes for myself. It's guaranteed that I'll forget. I rely on lists, calendars, and my wife(bless her) for my reminders.

In my personal time, it's not unusual for me to have 10 browser tabs open in various websites. One site, in particular, keeps me engaged. Reddit has a constant flow of topics, conversations, and things to look at. From time to time I'll be working on something like finances, researching a house project, etc and think "Oh. I should go check out this thing on Google real quick". Anywhere from 5 minutes to over an hour later in a rabbit hole, I come back and sit there trying to remember what I was doing.

For the last who-knows-how-many-years, I've had to sleep with music on for two reasons. One is that my brain doesn't know when to rest. My wife goes to sleep in minutes and I'm awake for easily 20 min because I'm having a fake conversation with my doctor about if I have ADD. The other reason is tinnitus. I've had a ringing in my ear, again, for as long as I can remember. 

I'm not a reader, but I'd like to be. I have a problem reading the right lines on the page and my attention drifts constantly so when I'm done reading a page, I have no idea what I just read.

On the other side of things, I have read a couple book series multiple times because it grabs my attention so well. I'm so into the books that nothing else is happening in the world. From what I've read about ADD, this is called hyper focusing. And this makes total sense. They say when people with ADD get hyper-focused, they tend to lose track of time. This is absolutely me. I play video games, and when it's a game that really has my attention, that's all that's happening in the world. There could be a tornado outside and I wouldn't know. My wife will confirm this, but it's not unusual for an intense gaming session to last 6+ hours. And in that time I won't eat, use the restroom, or do any kind of communication. I've had many times been gaming into the early morning hours. 


Over the years, I've learned how to recognize when my mind has gone off the rails, but it's a daily struggle that exhausting and downright frustrating.

I think I'm ready to do something about this.

**EDIT:** Made an appointment with my regular doc for Tuesday. I really hope it doesn't end with her saying to start learning to meditate, eat only this kind of food, etc. It may sound bad, but I just want the pills. My brain just doesn't have the willpower to keep me on the wagon. My hope is that starting with a pill will put me on the right path to have the willpower to add the behavior modifications. ADHD as fuck right there lol don't worry your not alone here! Good luck for the future, from the hills in Kentucky, USA. Wow, I could have written that post, OP. I’m in the same boat...getting assessed at the end of next month and quite frankly, I can’t wait! After years of wondering what the hell is wrong with me, my 8 year old son was diagnosed earlier this year with ADHD combined type. This appears to be a VERY common trigger for parents to get checked out. I’m in Australia, where the process for diagnosis is super stringent, which actually makes me feel better. I just want to know, one way or the other. Good luck, and keep us posted! I'm here if you ever need me, hun. You know where i live 🤗 