It was 1am... and now its 7am. Whaaat? I'm a little concerned and was curious what other experiences were with this. I am a 24 yo female who was pretty recently diagnosed with combined ADHD (had to fight/advocate for myself for that diagnosis, but that's another story for another day). Anyway, I have been noticing lately that I will just lose hours, especially when I'm working on homework. I have been working on this Nursing care plan since 1pm yesterday (Friday) and now its 7am on Saturday. I have my phone in airplane mode, have a light spotify playlist on, and I am engrossed in my text books. At least, I thought I was. Now don't get me wrong, nursing care plans are monsters and take a long time, but this is insane. I'll look at the clock and it will be one hour and then I'll look again in what feels like 15 minutes and its 4 hours later and I will have barely anything done. I looked at my browser history, and I wasn't even doing any subconscious internet browsing. I have just gotten worse and worse at getting things done on time and time management (as this was DUE at midnight so its 7 hours later). I just keep arriving later and later to appointments and classes no matter how hard I try. I'm going to start therapy and meds in the near future, but I need some help now. I'm just really concerned and wondered if anyone has the same problem when studying, working, or whatever. 

&#x200B;

TL;DR 

Unmedicated (not for long) new diagnosis (so no therapy, yet)-- Do you ever lose time and if you do how do you prevent it? I'm talking HOURS  Absolutely. When I was in law school this happened all the time. It’s very disorienting. I started setting an alarm to off every hour/hour and a half so that I would get up to walk around, do a little stretching, and drink some water.  Look up “time blindness” and “hyperfocus” and you should have your answer I’m a grant writer and a mom so a lot of my work is done at night after kids go to bed. So. Many. Nights. Like. This. Ughhhhhhhhhh I’ll be researching med journals or whatever to support evidence for our programming next thing I know I basically have a masters in that one topic but no grant written and it’s time to get the kids up for school 😭 the worst is when I have a midnight deadline and it feels like plenty of time and then the hours just disappear and I’m frantically writing and hitting send at 11:59. It feels like crap. I have the Chime app (iOS, not sure if it’s available elsewhere) set up to make an unobtrusive sound on the hour between the hours of 10am to 10pm. It’s a nice little app that helps me pay attention to the flow of time. You can set it to go off every 15 minutes or half hour if you wish as well.   

I have serious time blindness so this helps to gently bring me back to earth if I’m distracted.  The scariest thing ever.  You have my sympathy. I have yet to land on a med that takes care of this - I’m sorry to say. You are in what I will call “the throws” of ADHD. In those times I’ve had to find my best focus times and “maximize” it, ie there r days when u r really on a roll and can accomplish a LOT. Maximize those times and get way ahead with the homework if u can. Further- try to determine if there is a common time when u can focus more. For me it is right after a class. If I have some time I QUICKLY (don’t stop for coffee or food) make my way to the study hall and continue while my brain is still “switched on”. My dead zones seemed to be weekends at which time I’d choose to rest - or as u stated - lose time or zone out. I may not have accomplished all I needed to during the week buy if I stuck to those 2 tactics I was at least a bit further ahead. Good luck with the meds.  So, time blindness has been mentioned. It is one of the core symptomatics of ADD. But it is not just time that you will find hard to keep track of. I bet you that you performed way better with what you were doing than you may think. ADD is all about impulses and rewarding. You may not feel reward after having finished a big task on one occasion, but feel like you have the brightest mind ever for minor achievements on other days. Your brain just has difficulties measuring and you might want to think about different ways to measure your progress on certain tasks. With some work the number of pages read is a good measurement. Some other tasks in your studies need different forms of scaling your progress, eg number of concepts understood, or number of questions answered. Just make sure that you always keep in mind that your brain may tell you the work you have done so far was total nonsense or a waste of time, when in truth you made huge steps, but only miss the feeling of reward.  Yea it's hyperfocusing. It was like a god damn superpower in college. I would wake up early, get to work, and before you know it its like 2 am. I would tell this phenomena to people (before I was officially diagnosed with ADHD) and they'd never be able to relate. Omg. Story of my life!! This also happens to us professors. I have to prepare lectures. I get so into what I'm reading, but I loose sight of the forrest for the trees. I look up. WTF?! It's almost midnight, and I have to teach tomorrow?! I haven't even gone through ONE reading? D: D: Welcome to the world of _hyperfocus_. Now you have a name for the situation.  Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi might call it _flow_ but I think there is a distinction between _hyperfocus_ and _flow_.  I would call flow **_productive hyperfocus_**, and personally I have benefitted from _productive hyperfocus_ and suffered from periods of _hyperfocus_ without effectiveness.

Living with one or more dogs will often provide an implicit 2-hour timer to break _hyperfocus_, but even they decide they don't want to bother you and get some sleep at night. Then you need to set your own timers or configure something for those timers.

Sometimes I think that a random-audio chime clock that played something unique at set periods of time might be useful for this-- because a regular chime clock you can tune out of your head like ambient train sounds. I tried to regulate the study with the pomodoro timer, but when it ring, after 25min, I just realize that I haven't done nothing and I start it again... probably I should go for every 5min Sometimes I’ll sort of turn into a formless lump unbound by time and snap back to normal and several hours will have past, it’s not sleeping it’s just kind of existing? Usually only when I’m stressed. God yes I feel like I constantly function in a state of exhaustion and it impacts everything. Objectively I know I’m a great parent but emotionally I feel like my time blindness, lack of order, and exhaustion makes life tougher for my kids than it should be.  I find that sleeping helps with this, when my brain is tired I don't get anything done  I'm anxious about setting an alarm up because I don't want it to derail me from what little Ive done. Did it do that to you? I'm worried I'll fall into a reddit hole or I'll just start doodling and waste more time. This has gotten so bad it's almost debilitating. I just get so hyper focused on every detail, fact, and formatting that its just overwhelming. Can you tell I'm struggling? Lol  Thank you!!  That's me with nursing diagnoses. I like reason in my mind that since the patient has pneumonia their toe is going to fall off and I have a whole string of things that could happen and how to prevent it. And then I step back for a second and think ...hmmmmm that wasnt the assignment at all but I learned I guess? Then its 6am and my 2 year old wakes up and well you know the rest. Exhaustion is my number one emotion. Holy shit. I'm in academia, and I totally get what you're saying, but I'm not a parent. I almost don't want to have kids for this reason. I can't freaking manage anything.  How do you deal every day? I'm like a walking zombie.  I think I'll definitely do that. Loud alarms anger me irrationally but if its gentle I might be more even tempered with it. My time blindness is so weird. Its because I'm hyper focused but when I look back I didnt actually get anything done. I was focusing on the tiniest little formatting issue in the topleft corner of a word document. Its always something dumb like that. Goodness, this brain works in mysterious ways.  I actually wonder if I have mini seizures and that's where my time goes. That's crazy, right?  *SIGH* it better not start turning into lost days. Wondering if theres something more going on here I'm very excited to figure out my brain and what motivates me to snap into overdrive/hyperfocus. Now that I know WHY I'm different I can figure out HOW. I think its healthy to allow your zone out and your lost time because its what your brain wants to do  but I just have this deep shame for it. I feel like I always have to be doing something productive(but will never meet that expectation) so if I dont do something all weekend I feel like a lazy lard. Any tips on how you convince your mind to not give one care about that? Gotta learn how to manipulate myself lmao  There are so many factors, but I’m on a very low dose adderall XR and it actually makes it much easier to not hyperfocus. On a good day it makes me feel... normal? As in I am able to choose to be productive sometimes, but I can also be lazy without spiraling and feeling stuck/lazy/unable to function. How neurotypical people seem to be.

I also have a quick release I take sometimes, which hits harder so I do tend to hyperfocus.  So even though everyone is different, I bet most people (if they’re willing and able to go through a ton of trial and error) can find a med and dose that will help.  I feel like I really needed to hear that!
 Exactly. And I want to enjoy every moment with my daughter but I literally cant. My mind is always racing and I cant just sit there and "be". Constant struggle in ADHD momma land over here.  I would love to! How does one do this?  I totally get that. I’m a total procrastinator so I was always doing everything the night before it was due. I never wanted the time to get away from me so every minute counted, lol. The alarms worked for me, and I always kept the breaks short. No longer than 5 minutes so I wouldn’t be tempted to do something else like organize my closet by color or watch road rage YouTube videos, lol. 

Hyperfocusing can be a strength but also a weakness. You’ve just got to play around with how you wield it to find what works best for you! I sort of do this when I need to get ready to go somewhere.  I let the snooze go off every five minutes so I can keep track of time.  I don't know how many times my 'five minute shower' was really a 20 minute shower.  With the snooze going off, I can more accurately time how long I've been doing something. Can't stress enough how much time blindness is maybe the biggest thing for me. Everything else is manageable pretty sweet. But time? Getting somewhere on time is pure horror.  dissociation, maybe ROFL

Please let me know when you get an answer :'D I have ebbs and flows of procratination, so it's so hard to predict. I just have to learn to harness the super-focus abilities that is one of my ADHD symptoms and use it for good.

 I'll try the breaks... 

A pressing question I have and feel like you might have an intuitive answer to: 
did you feel like after you were diagnosed you were aware of just how flawed your mind is? Like music in your head, watching everything with subtitles because you can't understand it otherwise, interrupting people before they're done, twiddling toes the whole time you think you're sitting still, bargaining with yourself to get out of bed, then to turn on the shower, then go get in said shower, then get out... so on and so forth. I feel like my ADHD has actually gotten WORSE since diagnosis-- like someone told it it didnt have to hide and deflect anymore. I'm sure it getting worse after diagnosis isnt a thing, right?  I hope its just me so I can talk myself down here
  So much yes. I absolutely need subtitles if I’m going to understand what’s happening and I’m  constantly twirling my hair. I wouldn’t say it got worse after my diagnosis, but I definitely became more aware of the ADHD behaviors that I had been doing for years. Plus knowing that I had ADHD, I didn’t feel like I had to cover up some my quirks anymore. If twirling my hair like a little kid and jiggling my foot helps me concentrate and get the work done then I’m just going to do it without worrying about it. 

Maybe that’s what you’re experiencing. Now that you’ve been diagnosed, maybe you’re just more aware of that ADHD behavior.  What's the deal with twirling your hair? I do this nonstop.  