Another "First day on meds" story, and a question - Adderall XR Putting my question first because this turned long. If I'd rather have my Adderall XR be effective during the second half of the day, would there be any harm in taking it in the late morning or around noon? I suppose there's a risk I'd have more trouble sleeping.

So here's the story.

Diagnosed ADHD PI at 35 but suspected for the last 10 years and I have a lifetime of evidence, including three subsequent firings due to either incompetence or impulsive lashing out. My case is not as extreme as some and I have an extremely supportive wife who has done everything she can to mitigate my symptoms. Plus a good job that fits my strengths.

Today was my first day on 10mg of Adderall XR.

It was a pleasantly mild experience, actually. I was afraid it would be like a superjolt of caffeine, or that it would give me the shakes or make me irritable, or kill my appetite so hard it would be difficult to eat.

None of that happened. I felt like myself mostly. The biggest difference was that my actions matched my conscious choices, rather than my impulses. Like, there were a couple times that I popped open a browser window to surf Reddit (old habits die hard), and then closed it right away and went back to work. *That never happens*. And when I came home, I stayed off of my phone and played with my son. Didn't even miss my phone.

This is exactly what I hoped for, and about what I expected. No superpowers, no debilitating side effects, just a lot more emotional reserves for being a grown-up. It feels like freedom. Hey, I started adderall last week too and that was exactly my experience!! I was expecting it to hit, and I would *know*. But it didn't. I felt like me, but the thoughts came a little more slow, and one at a time so I could address them and act on them instead of them getting lost in the frenzy. I'm on IR though, and just switched from taking 5mg in the morning and 5 mg in the afternoon to 10 in the morning and five in the afternoon. I was worried about the xr wearing off before I wanted it to, which is why I chose the ir. I felt it gave me more control over my dosage. I like that it wears off around lunchtime so I can get my appetite back, and if I take it then it will kick in by the time I get settled back in at my desk. I'm a newbie to the adderall world too, but that's just my experience so far. I'm trying to make sure I'm aware of the effects and the differences so I can accurately communicate and report back to my doctor.  i used to take adderall XR twice a day and my second dose would be at 3-4pm and I'd be able to go to sleep at 12-1 am. 