I really don't want to job hunt again. (Long) 
Edit / update: Had a looong talk with my psychiatrist yesterday, and I'm starting on 10mg 2x a day of Adderall. She advised splitting it up however it works best for me, but suggested 5mg in the morning and 5 around lunch to start with, and move up to 10 if that didn't do it. Will update in a few days when I know if it's working. :(



I have two brains. There is Lizard Brain, and Forebrain. Lizard brain takes care of breathing, pooping, washing dishes, or anything else automated and mindless. Forebrain takes care of things like watching red lights, driving, writing things like this, and other tasks that require me to be present and aware.


The disconnect is that Forebrain can’t do it’s job, so it keeps passing off tasks to Lizard Brain. Like running check consistencies on hard drives in the morning, rebooting servers, and procedural things that are mostly automated, but do require Forebrain to fucking pay attention. Forebrain would rather make grocery lists and obsess over what bills are due. That’s not ok. Forebrain likes to start out doing it’s job, and then it slowly wanders off and leaves Lizard Brain to take over. Forebrain thinks about all the things that it needs to do today, and Lizard Brain is off in a corner fucking up the check consistencies because he has no ability to pay attention to anything. Lizard Brain will tell me that the house is on fire, but Forebrain started the fire because it left Lizard Brain to do the cooking and fucked off somewhere.


This is causing a problem at my job. Much of my current responsibilities are procedural. Same thing every day, same processes. Forebrain HAS to do them. Lizard Brain can’t be trusted not to fuck it up by forgetting some tiny little seemingly insignificant process that absolutely has to be done. It’s been happening more and more lately, and I’m under threat of losing my job.


I’m a smart person. I tend to overthink things. I have depression and an anxiety disorder. I also have dyscalculia and synesthesia. I have temporal lobe epilepsy. I have a college education that was a struggle from start to finish because I can’t seem to make some things fit in my brain and stay there. Anything with numbers is an obvious challenge. Multi step procedures are a real problem, because Lizard Brain says “HEY I can do that!”, and gets it all mixed up. I can’t play an instrument, though I desperately want to. I can’t keep a beat. My brain is a mess. It’s a carnival, complete with clowns. My ducks are not in a row, I have squirrels instead, and they’re at a rave.


My boss needs to pass me more work. I’m ok with more work. The problem is that I’m fucking up step by step processes that I’ve been doing for a year now. About once a month, I space out and do something wrong. It could be something small, like getting drives backward. Not a big deal in and of itself, but if the stars aligned in the wrong way, it could potentially be a disaster. Sometimes it’s large things, like forgetting to do drive swaps on an entire server. Once I make a mistake, I don’t make that same mistake again. I’ll obsess over it. I’ll check and double check and triple check the thing that I fucked up to make ABSOLUTELY SURE it’s right. While I’m double checking though, I’ve totally forgotten another part of the process because I was so fucking focused on the thing that I fucked up before. I can’t keep more than one thing at the front of my brain. I can get one thing right at a time, and I’m about to lose my job over it. 


I keep an average of 5-7 browser tabs open at a given time, along with Netflix, whatever game I’m playing at the time, and my phone next to me in case it goes off. I read several things at once, going from one to the other when my attention wanes. I’ll eventually get back to where I started, or I might just close the tab and never finish reading it. 


I have a thousand things that I know a little bit about. I decide that I want to learn about something, and lose steam soon after starting. I can’t finish anything. I always wander off before it’s done. I keep a blog sporadically. I have lots of things that I want to write about, but I forget them by the time I get in a spot that I can get it all in a row and write it down. I’m writing this now because I took one of my last Vyvanse from the last time I was medicated. In a few hours though, I’ll feel sick and shaky, and I’ll be reminded of why I don’t still take it. 


Medication makes my anxiety spike. I’m an incredibly anxious person. I’ll examine and re-examine an interaction that I had with a stranger, trying to determine if I was rude or in the wrong or just a bad person. Medication makes that feel like more of a priority. For example, in the mornings, I go in to say hello to my boss. If he doesn’t look me directly in the eye, I think there’s something wrong. I’ve done something. I’ve fucked up something somewhere and he’s mad and just not telling me and oh god what’s going to happen now? My train of thought rockets out of the station and runs out of control through every insecurity I have. It will ruin my day. One small interaction gone wrong will throw my entire day off. 


Another example is the grocery store. I can’t go unattended. I can’t keep a running estimate in my head, and I always go over budget. I’ll pick up parts of 5 different meals, and forget a vital ingredient of each one. I’ll get 5 boxes of cereal, but no milk. And I’ll go so far over budget that we’re struggling the rest of the week. Even with a list, I’ll wind up with shit I don’t need, because I think I do.


I’ve been trying to learn to code. I’ve tried so hard, and I have to keep going back to the beginning of the lessons. I can’t absorb what I’m reading, and I lose interest before I have a decent grasp on it. I want SO BAD to learn to program. But I can’t seem to do it, no matter how much I want to. I can’t slow down enough to really absorb the information. Even if I did, my code would never work because I fuck up simple things, remember? 


Back to the present..


I have to fix this. My boss needs to hand off more things to me, and needs to know that I won’t fuck up. I can’t promise that. Everything I do, I fuck up. No exaggeration. I can’t do anything correctly. I forget an important step or ingredient or process, and it’s all over. I’m not the one you want on your team project.


I need timelines. I need clear parameters. I need supervision and access to ask lots of questions, and then I need to make sure I’m doing it right before I proceed. I don’t have that here. I can’t do long projects. If it takes more than a few hours, it’ll take me days if it gets done at all. Or Lizard Brain will take over halfway through, and draw unicorns on the spreadsheets. I've made lists, calendars, reminders, and alarms. Nothing consistently works.


I don’t know what to do. I’ve made a psychiatrist appointment tomorrow to see if there’s anything that she can do for me. I’m polishing up my resume. I’ve started sinking into a depression as well. This is especially dangerous, since the last time that I lost a job because of Lizard Brain, I was suicidal for several years. It took a lot to get out of that hole, emotionally and financially. We’re finally on the right track after so many years, and it’s all under threat because I’m unable to do simple jobs. I came here, and thought I’d found a job that I could stay at. I’m comfortable here. It took months before I brought any personal items in. I was afraid I’d be fired and they’d just have to be boxed up anyway. Now I have a shelf full of my stuff. I’ve settled in. I know everyone in the building, and was finally getting comfortable. 


Now that’s all in a shaky place. I can’t keep working here if I can’t be given more responsibility, but I can’t handle that responsibility. Scratch that, I can handle the responsibility, I just can’t get the job done right. 

TL;DR: I guess I need to know that I'm not crazy, that this is fixable, and that I'm not really a failure. Stimulants make things worse, and coping strategies are just not working. Anyone else find a job strategy that works? Reading your post reminded me of myself in some ways, and of course we each have our own personal struggles, and it sounds like you are having a tougher time than I had, but there are some things I would like to share to try to help.

Context: I do office and some tech work, websites, excel sheets, etc, so I am in a similar line of work as you.

1. Sticky notes.  Just got off the phone with your boss and he told you to do something?  immediately grab a sticky note, write out as much of the important details as possible and slap it somewhere on your desk.
2. Sticky notes.  Why is this here again?  Because it's so incredibly important.  Sticky notes are quests, each one is an important mission that absolutely must be undertaken as quickly as possible.
3. Break complex tasks down into point-by-point atomic action items.  Use something like Trello and use what limited reserve of executive functioning you have to take as much load off of forebrain as possible and make your tasks easy for lizard brain to auto-pilot through by breaking them down into lizard-sized chunks.
4. Willpower is a well, not a muscle.  Everyday you only have so much willpower.  Use it at the grocery store when passing by the potato chip aisle once, rather than buying the chips and using willpower everyday to resist the chips in your cupboard.  This applies to anything willpower-related.
5. Yes, its hard.  Yes it's unfair that your brain is this way when other people get to be normal, but if you are like me you have other skills that other people find amazing, such as pattern-recognition in complex systems.  Figure out your special mutant superpower and use it.
6. Use forebrain to train lizardbrain like a human trains a dog.  Research everything you can on behavioural psychology and train your lizard.

I know that this advice isn't sufficient, but I hope it helps you even a little. "I keep an average of 5-7 browser tabs open at a given time, along with Netflix, whatever game I’m playing at the time, and my phone next to me in case it goes off. I read several things at once, going from one to the other when my attention wanes. I’ll eventually get back to where I started, or I might just close the tab and never finish reading it."
At work? Or in your off hours? I can tell you, if my employee was doing that at work I would not be cool with it. I understand totally the need for stimulus and the lure of the net (here I am, after all) but we tend to put lots of things in the basket that make it hard to fit the work things in the basket. 
Also, maybe even for the things that you think are routine and you should be able to breeze through them, have a checklist. That way you get the satisfaction of checking off the boxes. I would put it on  whiteboard as the same list refreshes every day, so you get the satisfaction of wiping it all clean as well.  Grocery shopping is my Everest.  Lists help 50% of the time.  My wife says nothing, but I know she can't stand it.  I love her.

And dude, synesthesia *rocks.* [deleted] >My boss needs to hand off more things to me, and needs to know that I won’t fuck up. I can’t promise that. Everything I do, I fuck up. No exaggeration. I can’t do anything correctly. I forget an important step or ingredient or process, and it’s all over. I’m not the one you want on your team project.

sounds exactly like me. i wish i had a cure to suggest, but i'm still looking.  > "Willpower is a well, not a muscle. Everyday you only have so much willpower. Use it at the grocery store when passing by the potato chip aisle once, rather than buying the chips and using willpower everyday to resist the chips in your cupboard. This applies to anything willpower-related." That is the most brilliant thing I have read today. 

 > Break complex tasks down into point-by-point atomic action items. Use something like Trello and use what limited reserve of executive functioning you have to take as much load off of forebrain as possible and make your tasks easy for lizard brain to auto-pilot through by breaking them down into lizard-sized chunks.

I use a portable app called CherryTree just for this!

I have it on dropbox, so it's synced on my home and work computer, as ideas cross both, and I will often sort of check my lists to prep for the next day too.

If I'm having anxiety about work, I'll look at my task, and see that each item I have will not take "forever" and in fact, if I do them well, I will be done before the day is over, half the time.

Really calms my nerves, and helps me actually do the tasks. I'm hoping for a recommendation tomorrow if she can't help.  I also use Dropbox a lot.  It's very handy having a 'master files' location like that.  It keeps me from having 50 different versions of things across 50 different locations and times. OH, off hours, when I'm trying to relax. It's not very relaxing. 
I'm going to go check out Cherry Tree. Thanks :)
 I love my Dropbox. It's saved me several times. I also use Evernote to keep track of some things. 