Tabs and tabs and tabs and tabs.... Do you ever find yourself with so many internet tabs open that you actually can't do any of the things you wanted to get done because you're just so overwhelmed by the tabs.

Sometimes I have so many tabs open that I have to start a new window. Sometimes I have 3 or 4 windows open for different projects I'm looking at - each with many many many tabs.

Whyyyyyyyyy? [I can relate.](http://imgur.com/VohJ3TF)

Edited to add: OneTab does work wonders for this, though. It does what it says on the tin (reduces you to one tab), however, what I like about it is that it works per-window (so if you have a collection of pages you don't want to forget about, just split them off and hit OneTab, and now they're saved as a single window), and that you can take a collapsed window and share that specifically as a web page [(for example, a window I restore while playing Breath of the Wild)](https://www.one-tab.com/page/ZE1-oM7SRmq6WFgVTkqoCg), which you can then bookmark for later. Well, I try to keep 7-8 tabs on each window max. The problem is that I usually then have 5-6 opened windows... but it is somehow easier to manage than 50 tabs in a single window. I erase 20 every 40 mins or so  I kill tabs pretty ruthlessly. It's sort of an all or nothing, either I have icons on my desktop, clutter in ~/ and 50 open tabs, or I just mercilessly delete everything I've not used in a reasonable timespan.

Turns out I can manage just fine with 20 gigabytes, I don't really need all the movies and random garbage that keeps accumulating.

tl;dr, learn how to mercilessly purge that shit with fire im at 70 tabs when i got back from vacation. Thank god for restore session.

some people use bookmarks, but i use tabs, because i can just click once.

also tab-tree or the like is a wonderful addon. I use Vivaldi browser so I can stack/group tabs as I go and also because it allows me to save open tabs as a session so I can open them again later (but close them for now). Another option is Ghost browser. It allows you to group tabs by project and or session, each session having its own data and cookies (super useful for keeping different accounts login into the same service or when you have the same search engine configured differently for specific searches) When you've got 3 essays due in the same time. The tabs are insane. PLUS my room looks like a library... Get a session manager extension. Chrome for sure has several, and I'm pretty sure that other browsers do too. I use session buddy for Chrome and it's great. It will save your tabs so you can safely just close all those windows. Also you can have different saved sessions for each project so you're less overwhelmed.  I call them bookmarks! Same. I feel so overwhelmed when I look at them finally and then I wonder.. how can I read all of those tabs? I get anxious if I don't close them. So I just bookmark them or make a notepad file of those tabs (that never gets open ever) Ctrl + W baby do it now. Get the hang of it. It's easy. You got this. No, I save articles to Pocket so I can read them later: I know they're there, out of sight, out of mind.

Then I read a third of them, but that's a different story. :P Currently: 5 chrome windows open filled to the max with tabs.  
After a while, I'll go through the windows and legit bookmark everything (obviously, never to revisit again, ugh) and then close out all the tabs & windows.  
I still always end up with so many tabs open that I forget what I'm doing in the first place Just sent this to a family member who has 50 tabs open every time I go to their place. You might have just saved a computer, kind internet stranger. hahahaha
 Hah, you call 1400 a problem?  [I raise you this.](http://i.imgur.com/G2afTQk.png) Yeah but first, purging takes time and second, the clutter happens way too fast. When i research a topic, i get at least 40 tabs in half an hour and like 15 pdfs in an hour. If im wrangling data in rstudio at the same time, the desktop gets cluttered waaaay too fast. Im using kde right now, probably gonna switch to i3wm altogether, because it seems like it necessetates keeping the windows clean to be able to work with it.  Ughhhh I needed this! Thank you!  No, I think it is a bad idea. Tabs accumulate; I definitely don't need to keep them long-term. That fresh feeling of a new browser session... [You win.](http://imgur.com/sy9lVl4) You can abuse tabs in i3wm, but it's very uncomfortable so you'll have an incentive to kill tabs. My tab close "algorithm" is to go through the list, and for each tab if I can't come up with a good reason to keep it I kill it. I don't have a too big problem with it in i3wm, it also helps that I have a browser with facebook, reddit and other typical distractions in one window, while keeping everything technical and work related on another one. Then with ALT+9 I get the programming stuff, and ALT+0 for fresh memes. Having 4 monitors also help I suppose Oh, I basically never open saved sessions again. It's just to get over that feeling of 'I might want this' so you can close all the shit. And then it's saved in this lightweight text format that isn't in you face or your computers ram.  Yeah i'm on a 15 inch laptop screen, fully transitioning to i3wm seems like my only hope :D 