Things that work for me (in addition to medication) Hey all, I just found this subreddit and I love it here. I didn't get diagnosed till I was 21 and now at almost 25 I feel like I'm just now becoming fully effective. In addition to medication (vyvanse 60mg per day) here are some things that have been really helpful in making me happier and more productive. 

Excercise - Coritsol levels spike first thing in the morning and around five in the evening. I find that by working off this energy at one of those two times I'm much less likely to have attention problems and I feel more effective and happy. I lift weights and do almost no cardio. If you aren't into lifting, just walking (quickly not strolling) for an hour can be enough to get the same mental effects. I feel amazing after walking workouts. "But walking is so fucking boring" you might say. I agree and I'm getting to that. 

Audible - I started using Audible to listen to books the other month and at first I hated it. What I found though is that if you adjust the speed of play to 1.25x or 1.5x it doesn't change the pitch just the cadence. So, it sounds like the narrators are actually excited to give you the information. I probably go through 3-4 books a week now. That used to take me months. I love to learn but I tend to get frustrated when I'm just sitting in one place. I listen to books when I drive, workout, and clean now. It keeps me much more engaged that listening to music.

Carb Backloading - You need carbs to grow but they are a very misunderstood nutrient. I used to eat high carb breakfasts because I thought I needed the nutrition for energy. I couldn't figure out why I couldn't focus and why I wasn't losing weight even with exercise. My buddy told me about carb backloading and I was skeptical but I tried it. By shifting my carbs to the evening when my insulin levels are lower I find that not only have I lost fat while gaining muscle, I've actually been more focused in the mornings when not eating carbs. Mornings are now my most focused and productive time of day. 

Evernote - Here's another one I didn't understand at first. Evernote is invaluable if you learn about notebook stacks. It's free and it allows me to record my ideas and of course notes for class in easily accessible and searchable files that are backed up to all my devices. I used to struggle with forgetting what I named my Word files or losing notebooks or forgetting to bring notebooks with me or whatever. I always have my phone with me and usually I have my laptop or a tablet. I also love the web-clipper browser feature for saving articles and how it automatically makes text within pictures or pdf's searchable. 

These things have really helped me manage my ADHD. What works for you guys?  Keeping a daily journal. Stream of consciousness. It helps me consolidate my thoughts.

Diaphragmic breathing. Check out Breathe2Relax if you have an iphone.

Stress Formula. Lots of B vitamins and other things for energy.

Writing by hand. To do lists, doodles, scheduler, etc. just quicker and easier to jot thoughts out to come back to later. Oddly enough, eating bacon helps me focus more.

Totally serious, it even felt like the strength of my medication (10mg Concerta SR) was increased. Great post! Very helpful!

I find that listening to 'binaural beats' when i study helps

My favourite trick to start tasks is to mentally pick what i want to begin then take a deep breath and start doing it before i run out of breath if your working somewhere with distractions, put headphones on but dot put any music through them..... I cant or wont speak to people, people avoid speaking to me... also if I have music I usually end up googlings lyrics the band whatever,,, as it is just plain old headphones stops anyone distracting me. Is there a place that can help people learn how to use evernote and remember the milk? I have them but feel stupid because i'm not useing them effectively.  Exercise definitely seems to help a lot for me.

I've been trying to get into audiobooks. It's been difficult because I feel like it goes way too slow. Upping the speed of play sounds like the perfect solution though, so I'll go try that. I work from home and it is the best thing for me.  No distractions from colleagues and I am able to focus on what I need to do, of course after my daily prescription of Adderall.  I don't know how I focused without it.  Thanks for your tips, I'm going to stop eating a carb loaded breakfast and try working out in the morning. Meditation and eating healthy/without much refined sugar The life reminders app. If someone emails me about an appointment, or due date, I just enter it into the app. I'll then get a notification reminding a few days or weeks in advance, depending on how I set up the reminder. It's been great with helping to remember when to pay rent and other bills, along with school work. Freezing cold showers. 

No idea why, but a freezing cold shower in the morning makes me feel like the curtains are being opened in my mind. Helps with my depression too.  I hate breakfast and tend to just eat a muffin with my morning coffee and I still feel the most focused in the morning. It's a carb and I also have no issue losing weight, I have the opposite problem even prior to meds. But maybe it's just not a lot of carbs. I mostly hate breakfast. It doesn't sound like it should make sense but I believe it. The only things that make me crash are simple carbs. Fats and proteins are neutral or positive as long as they don't upset my stomach. some medications react to being taken with fatty foods.

methylphenidate is not supposed to be one of them, however Hey, glad you liked it. I've never heard of binarul beats so I'll definitely look into that. Your other tip sounds pretty solid too. I psych myself up with breathing for weightlifting but I've never tried applying that to other tasks. I use YouTube to learn how to do almost everything. That or I just keep doing it wrong until I get it right or at least some variation of good enough. Usually lifehacker has guides on stuff like that too. 

Edit: Just noticed this in the kindle deals section. Haven't read it but it's well reviewed and inexpensive. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HG78RKA/ref=s9_hps_bw_g351_i16?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-6&pf_rd_r=1H6N1TF6CQD9HW8CFT0T&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=1750526362&pf_rd_i=154821011 I just found this site from another sub, I haven't had a chance to look into it but it seems to be promising: http://www.thesecretweapon.org/ What has worked for me:

With Evernote, just start using it. Record things you don't want to forget. Don't get bogged down in organizational systems. Get the browser extensions, get the mobile apps and commit to storing things in it. Once you've been using it for a while your own system might develop. It might not. And that's ok too. 

For RTM I highly recommend using it for recurring tasks, at least initially. Things that you need to do every week, it every day. That will get you comfortably with it. And also learn to use the quick add feature of the widget. I find that the faster I can get it out of my head the better. 

I also recommend Regularly (if you're on Android). It is also for recurring tasks, but on a longer time frame. So RTM would be used for "take out trash" once a week, but Regularly for "get oil change" ever few months. The combination had really helped me bring things back to the front of my mind. 

PM me if you have any other questions.  I do my best work at home too. Lately it's been hard because my girlfriend quit her day job and I share my office with my cats food and litter box so it's not the best sometimes. I find that if I get really into something e.g. writing a paper, I get a sharp pain in my head if someone breaks my concentration.  what about porridge or cereal? I too was excited about the secret weapon, but it is too cumbersome for me. My advice for Evernote is to just start using it. Don't worry about the organization. It will come naturally if you need it. Otherwise just use it as a "brain dump" for things you want to *maybe* come back to some day.  I find slow release carbs fine also proteins are a little tough on the stomach first thing, I find- same goes for veggies.  