Just found something really neat for Windows 7/8/10 users I'm not sure if this applies to 8&10, but there is a preinstalled program, called Problem Steps Recorder. What it does, is takes a snapshot every time you click the mouse. I find it very useful for tracking what i've done, and when and where i start losing focus.

To start it, press Windows key+R, then type in psr.exe. Click record, and do your work, or whatever you should be doing. After you are done, all the pictures from every single click will be there, so you can see all the stuff you did, in a simple and visual way,unlike using the history tab in a browser(Plus, it's not just for your browser!)

Try it and see if it helps you! Mine would be absolute chaos if I did this. I'm almost constantly just mindlessly clicking the mouse when I'm not typing. Holy Crap!  I frequently have to write step-by-step guides for using software that I write.  It's such a pain stopping to take every screenshot, or having to re-do steps because I forgot to take a snapshot. This will make that so much easier If I used this it would just look like a screen recording  sometimes i just click the mouse because i have the urge to, and i do it ever 5min...i might try this but i can guarantee it would be 90% just the same picture because of my mouse clicking habit lol But is that while medicated?  Something also neat is there is a math writing program for windows 7 that allows you to write and keep track of math notes, equations etc. Thanks i`ll try it. Look up the program "Pulse". [removed] This.. It really frustrates people when I show them something on my computer. I repeatedly highlight text when I'm reading. It's like a blue disco Agreed!  I have to document a new database we're trying to get for work, and this will prove to be so helpful -- and maybe I can prove to the designers there are TOO many clicks!  (ugh, it's so not ADHD friendly, never mind regular-user friendly) What's it called? [deleted] What? That has nothing to do with what OP was talking about.  The thousands of tabs open Math writer I think. Its in the accessories menu I think. 

I can look tomorrow and report back. [deleted] How is Windows 8/10 not relevant to what OP is talking about? Yeah it helps you keep track of what you're doing but knowing a program like that exists also means its open to exploitation if it hasn't been already. What was it supposed to be? It's not relevant because you're conflating two entirely separate things.  The concerns about collected telemetry in Win8 and Win10 are separate from this application that only runs when you tell it to and is only there to help troubleshoot.  The entire purpose of the Problem Steps Reporter is to take screenshots of your actions (_only while the app is running_) and allow you to annotate them so you can then submit them to an IT professional (or an IT-minded friend or family member) for help with an issue.

For example, let's say you have a problem with Outlook always opening in safe mode.  You would open PSR and run through the steps you perform to open Outlook.  Then when you're done recording, you would send the output to someone else and they could review what you're doing.  That's it.  It doesn't relate to the privacy concerns of Win8 and Win10.  Not once was PSR ever brought up in regards to those, it was always about the lower level, always-running telemetry and communication services. 