What do you do late in the night and you're not sleepy, but you can't focus or process your studying material? Hey guys I have ADHD-PI, and I'm a university student. I really have this problem where I feel tired to do my studies past one point, but I feel too restless to sleep right away, so I end up wasting a couple of hours at night consistently, and it's a terrible waste of time. 

It's as if I feel motivated, but it feels like a struggle to process things as well when the medication wears off. At this point my mind feels like, when you are trying to open a program and it's taking forever to load, but at the same time you have an internet browser with 18 tabs open. So it's like my mind can wander and focus on random bits of information and articles on the cultural practices of obscure African tribesmen, but it's incredibly difficult (physically uncomfortable) to focus my attention on starting a particular task, at that point in time.
Those of you that have this problem, what do you guys do to remedy this?
Thank you How lame as it sounds, acceptance. 

What helped with that, was reframing it. Those hours I can't really be productive are there, and needed to recharge myself.

I can either fight myself and try to get things done, but I figured that was even more wasteful, I needed 2 hours+ to get work done which takes me 30 minutes when I'm awake and focused. Plus fighting myself before bed was a guaranteed method to keep me up even longer.

So now I fill those hours with less productive things that help me relax. I do yoga, write in my journal, take long showers, I pamper myself a bit, cuddle with my cat, go to bed a bit earlier to do something I enjoy (listen to podcasts and radio shows). Make sure I turn on the 'gentle lights/candles' instead of the bright 'main' lights.

By doing that, I actually feel more productive, I'm still checking of goals, just the 'softer' ones. The sitting down with a big glass of tea while I write can actually get me to drink enough water for the day etc. 

The biggest benefit is that it helps me wind down enough to sleep a bit easier, and with enough sleep, my days are more productive, so I feel that in the end it all balances out.

It still sucks sometimes that I can't be as productive as other people seem to be effortlessly and I do feel like the youngest old age pensioner around some days, but I am happier when my life is a bit more boring. 

 I control my ADHD with physicality and busy-ness so when I feel too restless I make myself busy. This normally comes from getting physical (oh la la) and for me this means going on a brisk walk or doing some sort of exercise in the house. If I relax I let my brain get even worse which has the opposite affect but it can work either way. 5 minutes of juggling for a break, then back to work? Rubber duck debugging? (Google it.) Read reddit I do this and I didn't even realise it was a ~thing

although I have to add in, I do try to do things that need doing, like if there are any leftover dishes, I'll wash them or put some laundry on to wash overnight, check what needs doing tomorrow ie any appointments I have. it's all easy, low stress stuff that ensures stuff actually gets done. This is an excellent idea! I'm going to try going to the gym during that time from now on! Thanks :) Plus you get a better work out because you want to get out of your head :D 