How is someone with ADHD and Social Anxiety ever supposed to be successful in life? I don't want to sound r/iamverysmart but I was always the kid, who never tried or payed attention in class mostly cuz I didn't need to as I'd always get top marks in the class. I am terrible when it comes to homework, I'll take like 6 hours to finish something that should take 30m. I am only in high school and everything is still quite easy, but I know it's downhill from here as I can't rely on just smartness, as I have ur typical inattentive ADHD struggles. I am going to be screwed in the ass in the real world. I'm also an awkward piece of shit with no social skills. How will ever find a real career if I take hours to do simple things and am terrified of talking to strangers Dude I would say make an appointment with a psychiatrist and get medication because I was in your shoes but I didn’t realize I had adhd till I got in my career and basically struggles through college and high school. Getting prescribed adderall saved my life as now I’m not socially awkward and also my adhd is under control. Personally I was the same way and i didnt even realize inattentive ADHD was a thing, neither did my parents, we just thought I was slower than everyone else just because thats the way I was. I had a couple teachers suggest it growing up but my parents just thought they were crazy.

Life is designed for neurotypocal, extraverted ppl to succeed, so its so much harder for ppl like us. Its just super important to find what you like to do and not do what other ppl expect you to or what is “realistic”. I did what everyone else said I should do and majored in business and I just fucking hate it. I wish I would have pursued what im passionate about because then you can make your ADHD almost become an advantage because you love what youre doing and can get lost in it. rather than being distracted from what youre supposed to be doing but cant because you hate it. So if you want to continue education after HS do it and go for what you want and if you dont know try everything until you find what you like. If continuing school isnt for you thats ok too. Dont rely too much on stimulant medication if you are taking or ever end up taking it. Tolerance is a bitch and taking it just to be normal is worse than not taking it at all.

Also the only other thing I can say is keep pushing your boundaries and make yourself uncomfortable, i joined a student organization in college that really helped me do that socially, but also give yourself some slack because its going to be a-lot harder for you. usually you can get accommodations to help even out the score so to speak. I never did until I joined the workforce and I regret it because I could have saved myself alot of time and stress throughout college. College student here, so like my story isn’t the same as you but let me tell it. 

I’ve always tried so hard in school. It was never the easy road. I didn’t actually believe i was smart until my first year of college. In my opinion, it doesn’t get easier, but you learn to cope. You have to learn to deal with it better. I have social anxiety, but I love to talk to people and have conversations. I can hold and keep a conversation going for a long time.  

Message me if you want to talk more.  Does medication really help socially? The third paragraph of this post is by far the best advice on here - learn to embrace the fear of failure, because the only way any of us ever grow is by stepping beyond the borders of our comfort zones.   Half of learning to not only function, but thrive with ADHD is identifying the weaknesses and blindspots your ADHD creates, and how to compensate for them.

I was diagnosed at 9, I am now almost 38, and am a practicing attorney.  Did not take my diagnosis to heart until after my freshman year of college, which I failed in epic fashion.    Once I took ownership, it became almost a game of self-betterment through behavior modification.    

I struggled with reading because of my slow reading speed, which was primarily due to my own lack of confidence in tracking from the end of one line of text to the start of the next.  I was double and triple reading almost everything as a result, which made reading assigments take far longer than my attention span could handle.  So i fixed it by taking a speed reading course.    I struggled with performance anxiety during oral arguments because I was nervous speaking in front of people, so I fixed it by going out randomly to karaoke nights and signing myself up to sing.   By forcing myself into that uncomfortable situation of my  own volition, was able to overcome the fear of failure/ridicule that was holding me back.

Most folks aren’t born with innate social skills.  Most folks start adulthood with the realization somewhere in their teenage years that they are awkward pieces of shit with no social skills, then they acquire social skills as life progresses.    You have a leg up on most folks in that you at least have a sufficient level or self-awareness to recognize these areas that are in need of improvement, so you have that going for you.  The rest comes with time, and experience.  The former you have no influence over, but the latter is completely within your control by the choices you make.        

Failure is only a bad thing when you don’t learn anything from it.   [removed] Yes it has for me, adderall helped me be more sociable as my job requires me to be a social person because I work in HR as a recruiter and before I was so socially awkward I could never see myself working in this field. After getting prescribed that it has truly changed my life, but again I had to try different medications by working with my doctor and landed on this in the end. My doctor originally prescribed me Vyvanse and then Ritalin. Both made me even more socially awkward until I tried adderall and within a month I came out of my shell and became more confident and started talking to people and holding conversations and eventually that became normal for me and now I can socialize with people without feeling awkward like I used to. Hope this helps. They will give you more confidence 100%.

And speaking will be much easier, you think clearer so it's easier to say what you are trying to say.

Without medication there can be a disconnect between what's in my head and what's in the outside. When medication is working correctly that is gone. 

100% you will be aided in this department.

Anxiety may still remain, but if you are anything like I was as a teenager (I am projecting as you sound similar to me) you are not truly anxious but you are  wary, and cautious due to being berated a lot in the past for your actions and words. 

When you realise how capable you are when medicated, that will also go.  delet! 