I'm procrastinating from studying for a really important exam by browsing this subreddit, trying to find a solution to my procrastinating so I can study for my really important exam.  [deleted] Take out your phone battery, give it to a friend and tell them to give it to you in one hour...check for any texts or calls to return..wash, rinse, repeat. Just turn off your phone put it away, take all your study supplies and walk around the house while studying.

I've found that sitting while studying is the worst things for my ADHD. But walking around and reading while taking little breaks let's my mind absorb information while still "getting distracted". It's more active for your hyperactive brain and the exercise will boost your brain power.

Jumping Jacks, push ups, sit ups, running in place or laps, all good breaks as well. Also cardio is pretty well known for reducing ADHD symptoms so it will help you focus.

Just don't take like a five mile run and distract yourself completely. The point is to study while remain active. Just read short paragraphs, memorize info, etc. You'd be surprised how easy it is.  if you're on android, download this app: BLOCKSITE.

It blocks both apps and websites.

Then lock Reddit and Facebook and Instagram and whatever other links and apps you waste your time on.

If you find yourself unblocking the phone, no problem. Download this other app: AppBlock, and use it to block Blocksite from Mon-Sun.

There you go. Hope it helps.

Needless to say I had encountered the same problem before. Me, so many times. Block yourself from the internet (which you hopefully don’t need to study) in 15 minutes. An app called Freedom lets you turn off all internet access. The 15 minutes from now is just a little trick to get you to start the app. 

Also, as a college prof, let me say this: no one’s future was ever decided on the basis of one exam, and yours won’t be either. Try to lower the stakes for yourself a little bit—we tend to be such perfectionists.  [Forest](https://itunes.apple.com/au/app/forest-stay-focused/id866450515?mt=8) 

It's an app that grows trees. If you turn off the app you kill the tree. I found it really helpful.  Don't study at home, go to a library or coffee shop, that little bit of action going on around me always helps me focus for some reason. Simple blocker chrome extension block Aby sites that aren't for studying  Try finding someone to study with, it helps a lot, it keeps you accountable.

Or it may be that deep down you know that you can pull it off in the last minute, it is stressful, it is scary, but that rush is oh so glorious... My psychologist figured out I had ADHD because of this, the rush of getting it done when your back is up against it, it is addictive... I miss that rush, it is so hard, even with meds, to not chase it. I dont miss the anxiety that comes with it.  I realise smartphones and the internet make this worse. But I managed to have exactly this kind of procrastinating behaviour in the mid eighties.  I love this stratagy so much. That doesn't work for me. I study alone at home. I try to turn my phone of and put it out of reach but before I know it I have it in my hands again. And by the time my family gets home I have already wasted an entire day. Studying where I sleep is really difficult for me.  


Have you tried going to a local coffee shop, library, park, or mall to study? 