Meditation helped me discover what is actually happening when I lose focus while reading! It feels almost silly that this is such a discovery for me, but it just goes to show how little control or awareness I had over my thought process to begin with.

I was an avid reader as a kid, but as I got older i stopped in favor of higher dopamine release activities like video games, tv, reddit, etc. I find it harder than ever to get though a single book, and it can take me upwards of 20 minutes to get through a whole page if i'm particularly scatterbrained that day. If my reading session ends, its never because its time to do something else, its because my brain gave up. Basically my own thoughts take over and I can't silence them enough to comprehend the information

Before, when I became lost in my thoughts and realized i was no longer reading, I would think, "Oh shit i did it again, wtf is wrong with me, arrrrghhhh, ok try again" and it might happen over and over. I would sum up my entire experience as "I suck at reading" or "i can never concentrate"

Since getting into meditation, I've become aware of what \*specifically\* is triggering my lapses in attention. I have found that its usually one of two things:

1. I don't know a particular word in a sentence, and i can't figure it out from the context clues. My brain reacts to this by becoming frustrated and tired, and goes on a tangent about anything else to avoid the frustration. Granted i know the solution is to either skip the word and let it go (very hard for me to accept being a perfectionist) or simply look up the word (this isn't even a problem considering I read on a kindle and can look at the definition immediately, or ask alexa!), but in that moment I experience a sort of frustration/exhaustion/disappointment in myself that propels me away from the task at hand
2. The material has become very scenery descriptive, and i am struggling to properly visualize what the author is trying to convey in my mind. I've noticed that I find dialogue very easy to breeze through, but visual descriptions are where i become lost or bored. I know many people are comfortable skimming these parts of texts and do not need to comprehend them fully, but being a perfectionist i feel as though i need to see every detail in my mind in order to move forward. So my options are to either  pour over the text until I feel like I can see it like a movie, OR i can try to relax this part of myself and realize its NOT vital that i know exactly how sparkly the dew on the grass under the moonlight is to enjoy the story.

Just coming to the realization that these are my "triggers" for my brain to fly off the handle has been a huge help in getting my focus back. Rather than saying to myself "try again you idiot!" and mindlessly reading over the same paragraphs again without absorbing them, i can identify the exact word or phrase on the page where i stopped paying attention and solve the problem my brain is refusing to acknowledge. I credit meditation for helping me with this, because it helped me to examine my reactions more closely.

TL/DR: Meditation has helped me realize that not understanding a specific word or phrase in a book is the trigger that causes my mind to go on tangents, and as a result I'm getting better at focusing while reading. Very nice breakdown. Sounds very familiar.  This is super helpful. Thank you for posting (and reminding me again to keep trying with meditation).

Re meditation--your post and others recently have made me think that I might manage it better if I gave up on trying to quiet my mind, and instead just let myself sit for 10 minutes \*watching\* my mind wander...does that sound right? Because to me meditation and mindfulness are two different things. What does meditation feel like for you? Amazing, I love these insights! 

I had a similar insight about why I stop doing tasks midway through... I can’t remember what exactly happened, but it was something like this: I grabbed some socks to put on in the kitchen, where I wanted to go grab my phone (or something like that). I put on one sock in the kitchen. Saw the kitchen towels and remembered I needed to do laundry. Set other sock down (without noticing), grabbed the towels, and went back to the laundry room. Noticed I didn’t have the other sock on! Spent 5 minutes searching the entire house for my other missing sock, only to find it on the kitchen counter. 

I realized that visual cues are basically how I get distracted. If I see something and remember it, I just do it. There is no “let me finish this task first,” it’s literally just “oh, towels! Laundry! Ok let’s grab them and go!” It happens so quick I forget to even put my other sock on! It’s basically not even a choice. It explains how I lose things (set things down without thinking because I’m already on another task) and why I never seem to finish even the simplest of tasks (putting on each sock). 

Now that I’m on ritalin, I realize how little control I had over my brain. Like you, I decided I didn’t like reading because I had to reread the same thing all the time. I *especially* hated really long, descriptive authors. I tried to read Ender’s Game and spent probably 10 minutes on the first two pages before giving up. I agree about the sensory things, but I think it’s mostly because some authors spend so long describing *one tiny thing*. I fly through academic papers, wikipedia articles, and non-fiction books, but fiction writers tend to use very beautiful and flowery language that makes it hard to follow.  Totally! Realized if it gets to the point where I'm skim reading its code for I'm picking out 2 words per sentence and making up the rest. I'm a nurse and the start of my work day is reading OUT LOUD from charts to my team for report. Without medication this is horrible! Because so I can comprehend I would have to reread 5 times, but I'm so worried about messing up the words or sounding weird that I wouldn't really listen.  Yup! Ritalin helps!! yo this except it's not that I give up on the reading its that I just stop in favor of the higher dopamine release activities like video games. I still read books but only the amazing ones that can hook me in and give me the same rush as video games. There's not really a 'right' way to meditate, and I think that notion that it is sitting in the lotus position without thinking about anything can make people quit when they can't quiet their mind completely. I lie on my bed and allow myself to have thoughts, I just let them pass by instead of following the thoughts.
It's more about relaxing my brain than stopping it. 

I use an app called meditation, it's a white background with a blue circle. It has guided meditations with background music, and I find the voice to be much less distracting than other apps I've tried.  Yes, its the same for me, trying to quiet the mind is very frustrating. I still try to bring my focus back to counting my breaths when I notice that i'm thinking of something, but  its definitely an additional benefit to see the content of your thoughts, and find out what your mind is obsessing over at the time you are "correcting" yourself. I find the headspace app to be very helpful - the first 10 sessions are free and I basically have been reusing those sessions for a long time now without buying the subscription. The way they frame the practice was really helpful to me and there is even a short part of the excercise where you just let your mind go to do whatever it wants.  Yes watching your mind wander is a great way to think about it!

I always try and remind myself that the aim of my meditation practice isn’t “don’t get distracted” it is “notice that I have been distracted “. Being distracted is actually the first step so it doesn’t mean I am doing anything wrong! What books do you recommend? Thanks! Will look at this app  Will check out this app... lots of good suggestions here, thanks! In that case I should be GREAT at it ;) "The Lies of Locke Lamora" is another amazing book set in an intricate fantasy world where the main character is a master conman and thief who just steals absolute millions of dollars from the most dangerous people in the world for the thrill. 

&#x200B;

If you like superhero stuff there's this story online called "Worm" which is known as the best superhero story out there right now. High school girl gets bullied and develops the power to control swarms of insects. She gets really creative with it and uses it to take down some of the most terrifying superheroes and villains on the planet. The author is super creative with coming up with super powers too. The format is sort of weird cus it was written online a chapter at a time but that makes it super fast paced and the main character takes someone down and you know there is someone 3 times as strong coming in the next few chapters. [https://parahumans.wordpress.com/](https://parahumans.wordpress.com/) 

&#x200B;

Anyway, let me know if you end up checking one of these out. I tried to think of books that are easy to get into but have so much going on that they hook you. I know these type of stories aren't for everyone, but I think anyone would like them.  Let me know if you would like some other suggestions too. Thank you! i'm slogging through a book right now but i'll definitely try one of these out next. 