I have finally found my people. My entire life I have been on a different path than my peers.  I have felt stupid, worthless, and hopeless about my future.  

As a kid I struggled in school.  While the teacher spoke, I would stare out the window or off into space.  I didn’t mean to not pay attention.  It was like I was half in this universe and half in my own.  Once someone started on a subject I didn’t understand or didn’t care about, I would drift off,

I hated to fail, and I failed so much.  My parents, grandparents, teachers, counselors would tell me I was perfectly capable of understanding whatever material I was struggling to remember or grasp.  I just wasn’t trying hard enough.  If I would just pay attention in class!

In 8th grade, I was taken to a children’s center.  They interviewed me, gave me different types of tests and then my mom and I left.  What came of that was being switched to remedial math.  Math that I learned to do in 5th grade.  Okay, whatever.  At least it was easy, right?

High school was more of the same, though the remedial math and extra tutoring during study halls did help and give me some confidence in my ability to learn and understand.  Maybe I wasn’t so stupid, after all.  Maybe it was just I didn’t try hard enough.  

My teenage years were also full of trauma I won’t get into here, but it was blamed for my poor grades.  And as I got older and was allowed to choose from a variety of electives, I did excellent in...unfortunately art class, parenting class and current events, while all great and important classes, were not the classes people on the “college track,” were taking.  I had zero idea what to do with my life.  As I graduated, I just hoped I would die before I turned 18.  

Turns out, despite my best efforts, I did not die.  With some persuasion from friends, I applied to a local college most of them attended.  I don’t know what it was about my college classes versus my high school classes, but I earned A’s in everything except Statistics (darn math credits).  I finally knew I wasn’t completely stupid, and I could do things on average with my peers.  I can’t describe how awesome that felt.  

But my grades came at a cost.  By the time I graduated college, I was so burned out I stopped reading for pleasure. I stopped any kind of art or creative writing.  I felt completely spent.  I am still in that rut, and I graduated in 2006.

As an adult I have had so much difficulty with employment.  I aim pretty low.  If a job says “must be good at multitasking” or “fast paced environment,” my reaction is “Nope!”  Someone can tell me their phone number, and I can be staring at them, trying very hard to listen and remember....and that feeling of being partially in this world, and partially being in my own happens.  I hear their voice.  See their mouth moving.  But inside my head it is loud.  Or maybe full.  Like my hard drive is out of memory, and something must be deleted before it can be saved.  I panic, as I realize I have no freakin’ idea what they just told me.  I have two options.  Ask them to repeat themselves, and hope I can pay attention this time.  Or, my go to when I am embarrassed, is just to pretend I heard, and scramble to figure out a different way to come across whatever information I missed.

I can’t tell you how many times I have genuinely annoyed people because they can repeat themselves 4 or 5 times, and my brain just fails to process the information.  Eventually people stop talking to you when you can’t remember a conversation you had yesterday.  I don’t blame them.  I seem like an asshole who doesn’t prioritize them, and deliberately don’t listen because I don’t care.

But I care.  I care so much.  After telling therapist after therapist that I am having concentration and memory problems, and having it chalked up to trauma, insomnia, and medication....I finally found a therapist who, knowing all those other things, listened to me, and took time assessing me.  She suggested I might have ADHD, and that I could get tested.  I decided I would, because I needed to know.  

I asked my mom what I was tested for at the children’s center, and what (if any) diagnosis did they say I had.  Are you ready for this???

She said they diagnosed me with ADD.  I. was. floored.  I asked why the school was never notified, and why no one told me...and why people continued to blame me for not trying hard enough.

“Back then ADD wasn’t well known and I didn’t trust the doctors.  They just want to put everyone on medication when they don’t need it.”

You guys...I just.  I mean, what the everliving fuck?  Who ignores a medical diagnosis from a medical doctor for their child???  (Well, okay, plenty of people do, apparently).  She took me to that place because I was struggling in school.  They test me and tell her what’s wrong, and she’s just like, “Nah, not my kid you quacks.”

At 37 years old, I scheduled a test at the center I see my therapist at.  The results came back, and I have an official diagnosis.

I decided not to ask for medication.  There seems to be a consensus among doctors that people try to fail the testing on purpose just so they can get whatever medication ends up being.  So now I am afraid to ask.  Which is dumb, I know, especially if it can help me stay focused through the work day.

If you managed to read through all this, thanks.  If you couldn’t or didn’t want to, that’s okay too.  Reading the posts here has really been helpful for me.  I am not alone in that galaxy that is far, far away.

I have found my people.   I’m just so happy reading this. Like for real, I have had a shit day and this made me smile. So many people act like a “label” is the worst thing ever - when labels can save lives. I’m delighted that you feel like you belong somewhere. I still don’t have that yet.  Oh. My. God.  

Thank you, beautiful person, for posting this.  I have been casually reading this sub for quite a while, thinking that perhaps I might have ADHD, but just not sure.  I kid you not, I can relate to a very intimate degree to each and every detail you shared. Thanks for being so thorough with your details, thoughts and feelings.  You describe every single day of my life. I have been convinced that I'm just dumb.  

I think I'm going to get tested for myself......at 41!!!

Like you, I'm unsure of any medication. But I'll take it a step at a time. Please try medication. I was diagnosed just before my 33rd birthday after a friend basically ordered me to go. I had never finished college and felt like a failure and an idiot who couldn’t work hard or something. My diagnosis was severe ADD, I scored high on 8 out of the possible 9 diagnostic symptoms. 

I was lucky to get a really good psychiatrist and was prescribed Concerta. It changed my life.  I finished my bachelor’s degree and will become a lawyer when I deliver my thesis in December. After a lifetime of shitty minimum wage jobs I now work as an assistant for an attorney who is a great guy, and I’ll become an associate in the new year. I couldn’t have done this without medication. One cannot will one’s brain chemistry into changing. But medication can stimulate the underperforming part of our brains so we can finally concentrate and have belief in ourselves. 

Best of luck to you.  Don’t feel bad asking for medication because people are assholes. You have a legitimate medical diagnosis, you are struggling. If you have other reasons not to seek medications. That’s understandable. But if it’s because some docs are afraid of pill seeking, you have had not one but two freaking diagnoses of the condition.

I was diagnosed at 39. No prior diagnosis. Medications have made a world of difference. I feel more like me and less like I’m just out of sync with the world. Still struggle with stuff. But it’s better.

I also recommend the book Woman With Attention Deficit Disorder by Sari Solden. My understanding my adhd diagnosis helped me understand my brain. The aforementioned book helped me understand my life. Dear "iputmytrustinyou"

I just quitted one of my important meetings today because of your post. I have cried like a baby because for 28 years of my life, I had felt like being an stupid asshole until I read your story. I am not lazy, not lazy at all. I can be confident saying that I have never seen any one trying so hard like me. and now I've got the answer! I just found this page, at 4:15am when I'm supposed to be reading for my seminar tomorrow, after I've been up for 42 hours and I'm still somehow not tired. 

I am currently a senior in college and I have also been dealing with EVERYTHING that you had to go through. I never got official testing for ADHD/ADD because I've wanted to join the military since I was 6 and I knew they were very strict about that kind of stuff. Even though for years I've had people tell me I need to get tested. It has gotten to the point over the past year or so that my grades and ability to focus has gotten so bad that I couldn't not go get tested, even if the military doesn't like it, this is my future. I completed my tests 2 weeks ago and I find out my results tomorrow. 

Your post is the first one I've read on this page and it gives me hope that I'm not alone in this struggle and others are going through EXACTLY what I am.  Welcome to the subreddit

We are all here for you :) Reading your post really resonates with me - though I didn't have as tough a time as you had. I think people in your (and my) situation are so hard on ourselves. Despite a lifetime of trying to force your brain to conform to the standard way of learning and working you only ever get castigated and punished. 

I think you should congratulate yourself for your successes and for making it this far, and allow a bit of self-love. After I was diagnosed at age 39 I went through a grieving process and was really angry about what I saw as wasted time and lack of support. That was correct - but I am pleased I got over it and accept that my brain works a bit differently than most peoples'. 

Also I would recommend when you're ready trying medication. I only use it when I feel I need it but it's really helping me. I am much happier than a year ago.  I'm 55 dude. Go for the meds, they make an enormous difference in the quality of life. If your doc thinks you're a drug seeker, fire them and find someone that knows what they're doing. You need to take charge of your own health, and be your own advocate- nobody else is going to do that for you. \*applauding with a big smile and wiping away a tear\*

Well done.

As others say, don't feel driven off re: medication. You might not need it, or want it, but *if you do* \- I think it's a disservice to yourself to not pursue it. If you don't, fair play and big thumbs up, but I know in my situation it'd have been a poor move on my part. Be encouraged, in any event. :)

Also, for a practical book that may be of interest, I've found this to be really decent: [https://www.amazon.co.uk/ADD-Friendly-Ways-Organize-Your-Life/dp/1138190748/ref=pd\_lpo\_sbs\_14\_t\_0?\_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=VVSYCVVERHK8WQZ45ZMY](https://www.amazon.co.uk/ADD-Friendly-Ways-Organize-Your-Life/dp/1138190748/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_14_t_0?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=VVSYCVVERHK8WQZ45ZMY)

Best of luck! I was diagnosed  at 25, and a year later has show me how much I lost, but also how much is there to live for

I might be all alone now, but I am just glad I am recovering  the control of my own body

I hope you manage to find an equilibrium  in the future. I think we all deserve a better future after the nightmare it is ADHD



 thanks for sharing. very well written. this is very close to my own story.  That part about school and being burned out... Holy. Shit. I've got five classes left for a bachelor's degree. Zero desire to go back. None. Welcome to the community.  I hope things get better now that you have a name and new strategies for your quirks. Yeah, we're your people. Thanks for being here with us.

I'm 31, and I'm starting Vyvanse today. It's taken me nearly 20 years to come to terms with this. To understand the way I am as something other than a personal failing. To ask for help because I want to be better, not because I've come up with a justification for needing it.

My parents and my teachers never paid even remotely enough attention to me to register that I was having a problem, much less that it was a problem with a solution. I was clever and obsequious enough to do everything I was told despite not knowing how to do it right. I struggled, but I hid it. I graduated in 2008, with a degree I don't understand anything about, into a life full of vague responsibilities and a focus on not making waves. I was placed in a privileged enough life that no one really required me to function well.

It's been a weird hell getting here, in part because I've had to fight to understand and value my own painful experience in the face of the rest of the world looking at me and seeing someone who's had everything handed to them. Yes, I had everything handed to me. And I was told, in return, to shut up. I've resisted asking for help for decades because I was told I don't deserve MORE. But it's been ten thousand spoons when all I needed was a knife, you know? I've been miserable this whole time. It's taken giving up as much as I can to get here, and I'm constantly scared that I'm about to fall off of the castle walls and into poverty and desperation. I hope this works. I need this to work. I hope things get better for you.  I wish I could reach out and help you feel like you belong.   That overwhelming sense of loneliness is just crushing.  Please know you are not alone, no matter how much it may feel.

I agree that labels can be very important.  How can one understand a problem, if they can’t even identify there is a problem, or what the problem actually is?   If I know that I have “X,” and “ABC” are symptoms of “X,” then by learning about “X” I can begin to fully understand why I have these symptoms, and what solutions may help.   Aww!  Even though I am sorry you can relate, it is nice to hear my reaching out transpired a positive reaction for someone else.  Getting answers really did bring a sense of relief.  I hope things will work out for you.  Please keep us updated. Hey, I'm 35, never too late. I hope it works out.  I was diagnosed in my 40s, as well. This post really resonates with me. Oh wow, what an incredible academic journey you have experienced.  Good luck with your thesis.  You story is definitely inspiring and leaving me with a feeling of hope.  I will definitely ask about trying a medication. Thank you for sharing your experience, and for the book suggestion.  I will check it out. Thank you for the kind welcome.   You take medicines now?  👍🏻😊 