To ADHD people who get real good grades: So I get good grades, but my biggest issue is that I make small mistakes on tests that bring my grade down. Its very depressing that I know the material but fucking do some stupid shit like misread the question, or do what the question isn't asking, or mess up my work but having weird shit in there, and then I get the question wrong. I knew how to do, but for whatever reason I make a dumb mistake and I get it wrong. Its very aggravating when this happens so I was wondering what were your guys tips to avoid this. It seems like no one else faces this problem and when they get mistakes its because they genuinely didn't know the answer.  I used to take sooooo maaany breeeaaaks in the middle of the exam. I'd nap for 5, draw for 10, explore my surroundings, go to the bathroom, etc... All of this helped me focus in short bursts. 
Also when you're done solving the test, take time to actually review your answers  Hey, story of my life.  I didn't get diagnosed until my late 20s, so the "help" I got was my parents berating me to slow down, and teachers largely just being baffled that I knew the material so well and managed to make such weird mistakes.  (Example: In high school, I'd do a calculus integral just fine except for screwing up simple math in one step and saying that 2+3 = 6 or something, which made my final answer wrong).

My point is: You're not alone.

I don't know how to fix it, other than checking and re-checking - assuming you have time.  I didn't have a diagnosis at the time, but if you do, your school might be able to accommodate you with extra time for tests.  For me, the pressure of the test-taking environment made things way worse.  A quiet room with an extra half hour would have help immensely.  See if that's available to you!

If not, I hate to repeat this advice, but all I ever learned how to do was just do my best to go slowly enough to not do that, but not so slow that I couldn't finish. :/  It's hard man, I know. Good test taking strategy is key with or without ADHD.

In case you don't know any test-strategy (and for the benefit of any future reader in that boat), I'll lay out the basics quick.

First, carefully read the instructions if there are any. This can be critical. Most people are inclined to skip this bit, as evidenced by many (probably apocryphal) anecdotes about instructions stating that you should not actually answer the questions.

Next, skip problems that you think will take a while to solve, or for which you aren't immediately certain of the answer. Get all the fast/certain questions done right away, all the way to the end of the test (or section, if you're taking some multi-part proctored exam).

Those simpler question can work as a sort of mental warm up. They get you in the right frame of mind, recalling not just facts but the time and place wherein you learned them. and you can find yourself recalling things you hadn't before which often help with the more difficult and complex questions.

After the easy bits, go back to the first question you skipped. At this point you can either go through one-by-one, or further separate questions into moderate and difficult categories. If there are a *lot* of questions you didn't answer, I'd recommend a second separation, completing the moderate questions and leaving the difficult ones for later again.

Another reason for this is what some have called the "Eureka moment," aka, epiphany, aka that thing your brain can do where you think about a problem, then stop thinking about it for a while and let your brain work on it in the background, and then suddenly the answer pops into your head. Reading these difficult questions and moving on—and sometimes reading them and moving on again—gives your brain as much chance as possible to work on them in that way.

Finally, if you've got multiple choice questions and you don't immediately know the answer, don't start by trying to figure out the right answer. Start by eliminating as many wrong answers as you can. When you're really unsure, sometimes you have to go with your gut and eliminate something you're 'pretty sure' is a wrong answer. In my experience that's often better than going with something you're pretty sure is the right answer, but it's your call in the end, obviously. 

At the very least, you'll be able to make many guesses go from, say, a 20% or 25% chance of being right, to a 33.333% or 50% chance of being right. Rarely are multiple choice questions given zero obviously wrong answers.

Using such strategies, you'll often find that you actually have *more* time to go over everything again at the end and check your answers. It's very important to do this, and pay careful attention to each question's wording, looking for confusing or multiply-interpretable phrases, unfamiliar words, or even punctuation that alters the meaning of the question. You should even go over the easy/obvious questions you answered right away to check for these things and other "dumb mistakes."

I've taken a great many tests wherein the intended correct answer was made incorrect or debatable by phrasing or sentence structure, and most teachers will work with you on such. I read questions in a whisper “out loud” to myself which helps.  back to high school, i usually slept alot before the exam, somehow sleep alot help me remember and pay attention better(didnt know i had ADHD). After that, i usually have “precious” 15-30mins to do things in better attention, i use them exclusively to the exam. Now i have medication, it sure help alot. This actually makes me question myself on wether I have ADHD or not... My parents never felt the need to diagnose me because I was always the top kid in my class and now I’m in my senior year and can’t fucking stand when as simple a mistake as writing “a x na = a” just flies over my head and prevents me from acing an exam, and I’ve been losing concentration more and more. I did not get help besides medication, because I was always to late asking for additional time or the such. The results varied widely from best in class to one time failing an exam, but they averaged out okay, so there was also less pressure to do something about my examwriting.

I had a huge change in mindset however: I realized that exams are a really articifial situation. I did really well working in the real world, in lectures and coming up with research ideas. No matter what path I would choose, the ability to spit out knowledge in 90 minutes is as artificial as it gets. It is not something I want to use as a measure of success.  I’ll preface by saying I do computer engineering and physics so I’m not sure how relevant this will be to you, but anyway.

I have and still struggle with this one pretty hard, but I’ve found a few ways to make it not as terrible.

Firstly, if possible on the day of the test, I’ll prime myself starting from about 2 hours before the test, Usually run through whatever I think is the most important on a past paper or provided problems. This works really well if you have someone else with you (especially if they don’t have ADHD as well) since they tend to catch all the stupid mistakes I’m making, since I’ll usually be rushing given the exam is later that day.

Then somewhere between an hour before the exam and thirty minutes I’ll stop and just relax a bit, maybe I’ll read some notes if I have them in a condensed format already but usually I’ll just go grab something to eat, talk some shit with my mates and walk over to the class. I find that this chilling out phase reduces my brains clock speed, meaning if there is reading time I’ll usually catch the finer details better.

This also has the added bonus that I am primed enough that I don’t have that long start up phase I’ll normally get in a test, but I have relaxed enough that I’m not totally scatter brain.

I find this works well regardless if I’ve taken my meds or not, but whether the meds help you is probably better your own call than mine.


The only other good advice I have is to try and catch as many of the silly mistakes beforehand, spend hours doing simple problems if you need to because when you spent a good few hours stuck on something for a reason you later realise is.... not great, you will have it so baked into your brain you can’t help but think about that one time you spent three hours redoing Cramer’s rule on that circuit because you forgot the minus sign in the determinate (god damn).


Like I said though, I am still struggling with this one, so sorry if that wasn’t worth the read, but I hope I may have helped in some way :D.  I remember back in school, I'd come out of every math exam thinking I didn't make any mistakes, and end up scoring 70/100, and literally every mistake was me making a calculation error right at the beginning of the question, or copying the whole question wrong. It was pretty disheartening What type of tests are they? Are you allowed to make notes on the side? 

I haven't done any exams for a long time but sometimes when I'm struggling focusing on an essay question I write it out again in simple bullet points. [deleted] I made a stupid mistake in my maths work by writing that 2+10=20 rather than 12. Luckily my teacher pointed it out to me quietly, still a bit embarrassing though  My dad would tutor me to the point of crying so I was great at math haha weekends...summers... no free days. so when you practice something so much it’s second nature... in high school I could solve problems before I even finished reading them. Having to write down how I solved them annoyed me. 
I also had a mental breakdown where I would cut my hair and do math at 3 am... so there is that. 

I also liked reading and could read 100 pages in a couple of hours maybe? So that helped with every other aspect of school. It all started really young. He had me reading, writing and doing math when I was 4. 
That’s what I worry about with my son. I’m not my dad... because I love my kid and care about his mental health... but he struggles so much at 7 and I know he will in the future because he didn’t already develop those skills.... because I’m not a psycho who will put him through that.  For me, after I finish a test, I go back and read over every question and recheck my answers. Except with long math problems, but other than that I do it.
See if you can get accomodations with your school's disability resource center (or similar organization) for extra testing time, and even a more quiet testing environment if needed. You'll need a professional to vouch for your diagnosis most likely. 
I originally thought I didn't need it, but it seriously helps me. I feel you! Every test of my life I've lost marks because I've done something stupid, like read the question completely wrong or not finished the entire working. It's so frustrating when your teacher doesn't realise *you knew how to do it* and gives you condescending explanations of the topic. I mean I know they're trying to be helpful but I understand it! I just made a dumb mistake!

Medication helps, as does extra exam time time *-* to gather my thoughts/properly plan an essay in humanities, or read over the questions and my answers in science.

When I'm reading questions highlighting/annotating them, or reading it in a silly voice in my head, helps me be sure I'm reading them correctly. 

In maths and physics especially I write what I'm solving for at the bottom of the paper (e.g. "All real solutions",  "x+y","distance in m", or "force in N"), because sometimes in multi-step calculations I didn't finish it the whole way through, or forgot the final step and gave my answer in the wrong form.

If a question is long and I feel it's likely I made a mistake, I solve it again with a different method, or work backwards and see if I get the same starting values. It's tedious and I hate doing it in exams but I catch a lot of stupid mistakes that way.  Bring a highlighter and highlight all keywords in the question. Seriously.  Maybe I’ll try sleeping lmao  Damn, that's exactly the shit I would do. 4x4=24? Seems legit. I'd always feel so dumb because I'd get the test back and see that my work process was on point, but ditzy mistakes like that would cost me up to 30% of my points on some tests. Even killed me in Japanese class--i would just leave off entire words sometimes (and I tend to do that when writing generally, actually).

Luckily I actually kinda enjoyed tests and rarely had difficulty focusing on them. I'd finish most nonmath tests very quickly and could review. Math tests were a completely different story... I always got the hardest calc problems right, but could never reduce my fractions!! My teacher would always put question marks on my test lol. Glad to hear it’s not just me!  Do you just take meds during exams because I pretty much don’t seem to be pretty high functioning 
 I mean i'm thinking about just taking meds during tests or stuff like that. I'm pretty high functioning and I'm at the point where I know how to use adhd as a strenght because I feel like I have way too much drive and don't know what to do with all my mental energy. The hyperactivity for me goes thru mental energy wise not physical energy.  So much this Science and math  hmm maybe I should run in mornign too  do they let you do that  i didnt have meds back then, if medication doesnt work for maybe the dose is not right? I'm my med school exam I could. But it doesn't hurt to ask 