Videos that explain ADHD to people without ADHD? My husband and I have been together for 19 years, married for 14, yet he still doesn’t get it. 

I’ve had my ADHD diagnosis and have been dependent on meds to function since we first met. He’s always known me to be a space cadet but after becoming a mom four years ago my symptoms became quite a bit more severe. Parenting has put so much more on my plate but not only that, new FDA demands and insurance issues saw my therapeutic dose of 120mg of Adderall reduced to 60mg. 

Since then I have changed psychiatrists, tried lots of different meds, and have done what I can to work around the insurance issues but I simply cannot function at the level that I used to and this drives my husband crazy and is the root cause of the vast majority of our conflict. 

Mostly it’s me forgetting to do things, poor planning, and miscommunication that makes him angry and very impatient. But I also do things like wrecking the front right bumper of my car for the fourth time in two years which understandably makes him insane. When I try to explain that I cannot just get better, remember better, pay better attention, or just be more respectful of him, that I have this disorder of executive function, that I would give just about anything not to be like this, he says I use my ADHD as a crutch and seemingly lacks any empathy on the matter. 

The more I learn about ADHD the more I understand why I am the way I am, however the more I attempt to articulate it, the further away I seem to be from getting him to understand and the more I am accused of milking this crutch. 

I would love for him to learn about ADHD and how it daily affects those who have it and how absolutely debilitating it can be. We both enjoy watching documentaries and I think if I were to watch one while he’s home I might be able get him to be a little more open minded about it. Ideally something that conveys what the daily life struggle is like for a person with ADHD. Does anyone know of something like that? Not really a documentary but the YouTube channel How to ADHD has a lot of super helpful videos and she often links to other resources in her descriptions. I really like this one to snow what it looks like day to day:  https://youtu.be/4VoZPxD22zM The How To ADHD channel is very helpful. Here's a good one that covers the basics: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcZuL1jQJuM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcZuL1jQJuM) Kati Morton (clinical psychologist and mental health educator) has some great videos about ADHD and various other topics 

Here's an explainer video she made on [adult ADHD](https://youtu.be/AhWY50bzdqI)

And here's a [short video](https://youtu.be/SsDSDUqyYqA)where she interviews someone who has ADHD, but wasn't diagnosed until well into adulthood  yep even i am waiting on one There’s a sub that is called adhd memes they have a ton of memes and some videos  https://youtu.be/_jnvja0Ybf0 I made this little video a few years back for a presentation in college. I feel like it's kinda cute 🙂 If he is more into hardcore science, the lecture linked in the sub description is quite informative. It begins by clearly explaining that it is a disorder that will. not. get. better. It about children (as the lecture is held to parents of ADHD children but it doesn't really matter as it. does. not. get. better.

Best of luck with your husband, I hope he coles around :3 This documentary by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is pretty long (approx. 45 minutes), but it's well-researched and, as its title implies ("ADHD: Not Just For Kids"), it explains how ADHD manifests itself in adults. 

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbtTS0kFQns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbtTS0kFQns)

&#x200B; You guys thank you SO much. I’m almost overwhelmed by all these options but this is exactly what I was looking for.  I think [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouZrZa5pLXk) from Understood.org is good. Maybe find some celebrities who talk about their struggle in interviews I’ve seen written ones in articles  Thank you so much. Definitely will check that out. That YouTube channel has really helped me understand my girlfriend. I heartily second this recommendation!  That channel has helped me so much, I also recommend the TED talk by her (I cried so much while watching it). Also all the Russell Barkley videos. Look him up in youtube I got really excited reading your comment because it says 'snow'. 

I've always described to my husband that to me ADD feels like all my thoughts are their own little snowflake in a blizzard and on medication it becomes a soft flurry and I can catch eat thought-flake on my tongue at my own pace. And I instantly got excited hoping someone made a video explaining it that way.

But then I realized I was being impatient and was only reading about every third word of your comment.  I tried to watch it put it was too boring and I just couldn't finish it.... welp Great question, thanks for this.  Hey I saw "snow" too and thought something similar! Ha ha, sometimes typos are well placed... lol 