Sometimes while I’m listening to a really good song I would tend to multitask and get distracted and would repeat the song again because I didn’t fully savor the whole music and this would go on on 2 or 3 more times.  As a kid I really liked that one song I loved so I sat by the radio waiting for it to come on and then recorded it on my mix tape.  Then I thought "what if I just record it over and over and then I don't have to keep rewinding it!".  So that's what I did.  Took like a week but then I had my awesome mix tape of the same song over and over.  My dad almost went nuts and eventually took the tape away lol. I do this all the time with tv or movies. I'll miss a bit of dialogue or plot because I'm reading on my phone, so I'll rewind 30 seconds to catch it. But before the part comes back up I've already started reading my phone again! Every time. I usually have to try this 3-4 times before I put my phone down and force myself to focus. the only time i can truly listen to a song is when i'm listening to my old iPod during my commute. otherwise, it's just background atmosphere.  Yesss. This is also why I tend to listen to new albums about 3 times before I form an opinion on it. Need to make sure I savor every bit of it  :Omg my favorite part is coming on next: -DAMINT I WASNT PAYING ATTENTION AND MISSED IT! 
:rewinds: 
:gets distracted

... repeat 😩 Thought it was me, turns out it’s the add, yay  Whats the song Yeeeessssss this is meeeee Don't have ADHD, and I do this! Lol This ..... my life.  Hahahahaha yes!!! My truck had been to choose a song I know really well that’s about 10 years plus old. Then I can enjoy an multitask without a problem. Or so I say.... 😩 This! Yes! You mean I'm not the only one who does this???!? Dude same!!! Especially with rap, I try and listen to lyrics sometimes while folding laundry and then I tune back in and the next song is playing and I’m like shiiiiiiit. Also it happens with a lot of normies to but ADD peeps are just more susceptible Same.  I do this all the time in the car, theres one little part of a particular song I really love and it drives me nuts when I forget to belt it out I love this so much. I didn't go this far but my Walkman had that auto-repeat function so I would just keep it on and listen to the same song for days on end. What drove my parents crazy was the sound the Walkman made when it stopped and rewound, especially when it was quiet at night! I'm pretty sure this is why they finally got me an iPod haha.  Haha that's adorable. I listen to songs I like over and over again...like sometimes hundreds of times over the course of a week or two. I forgot how frustrating that was with tapes. What was the song? Omg sitting beside the radio waiting for that one song was a great part of my childhood  I swear reading this sub makes me feel normal... or maybe less not normal? I don't think I'm articulating this well. I watch everything with the subtitles on. Then I can glance up and read the dialogue whenever I hear a voice or catch up on the first part of a sentence if I tune in halfway through. Makes it way easier to stay on top of the plot! I’m the same way!  I’ll rewind the scene on netflix, but if it’s familiar ground, I’m back on the phone!

I hate rewatching things but I hate feeling like I missed a good time even more! Oh man do I ever do this.  This happens to me a lot. 

Also makes me wonder how much does my excessive phone usage exacerbate my adhd...
It's obviously not the root of the adhd, as I had it before ever owning a phone, but it certainly got more significant since the presence of smartphones that have everything and that you use all the time. Same here not meant in a rude way, just curious. Why are you on the ADHD sub if you don't have ADHD? I don't want to miss a thing by Areosmith  Hahaha I feel the same way I feel better because I now realise not everyone does this nonsense all the time so of course it's more complicated for me to get some things done.  Same here :D I do the same thing! Boyfriend has ADHD, helps me understand him better :) Me too! Are you two my alt accounts? Awww that's really sweet! You sound like a good girlfriend 