Is medication realy usefull for procrastination? I dont know if it is exactly tied to ADHD, I am diagnosed with ASD and the ADHD is suspected by my therapist but the process is still ongoing.  


Is medication realy usefull for procrastination? Because I  always have forget stuff in my life and I have always been a disorganised mess. But I dont care about that.  


What realy bothers me now is that I am not productive at all since I left hightschool, I cant get anything done in time , for instance I have an exam today and I had one week to prepare it , and instead I have done nothing at all, just staring at the computer and walking in circle in my apparement.  


I played too much video games ( thats pretty much the only thing I'v enjoyed in life ) , but I am tryong to stop it because I cant manage gaming an a healthy/responsible way of life...  


But all the time I have I dont use it...can an adhd medication make me stop wasting an entiere day in a flash by doing nothing?  It can absolutely help, but it won't just magically fix you.   It can help a bit, but right now I’m on medication and am procrastinating on reddit... For me, it helps me more when I already started a task. It’s just that I get super focussed on any task I’m doing when it kicks in. When that is e.g. drawing, I will begin an art project, while still procrastinating. It sadly isn’t a magic pill, but it does help with focussing Perfect? No. Useful? Yes.

Meds tend to help my goblin brains impulse control running after shiny pretty things.

Now goblin brain is like shit is this a trap. Which has smart brain like uh maybe shit you have x y z. 

Goblin brain is like but I wanna touch the trap. And smart brain is like ok so. We have game. But we have work. And it's 9 am. If I set this alarm I can play for 2 hours, shower, get lunch and shit and pack up for the library cause lol not going to study here. 

Have I pressed snooze on sometime and forgot? Yes. Have I wandered totally left field? Also yes. But my goblin brain has basically a party member who didn't take INT as a dump stat.

I hope this makes sense unfortunately, I am currently doing the same. I have a lot of projects that I need to start working but here I am on reddit trying to figure out if medication can help with procrastination. I mean, I plan out general ideas and almost every school day I make a to do list with goals I want to achieve like catch up on readings or read ahead to be extra prepared in class, brainstorming outlines, etc. but my issue really is executing it. Like I set everything up all pretty and neat and organized......but it just sits there until the day before its due and then I panic and stay up all night stressing the shit outta these assignments/exams/projects etc. I don't know what's wrong with me. It's like I cant fully commit. all I do is just prepare things, and then leave it. And it's not like I have things to do or work. I have FREE TIME in which I am very, very thankful of and I should be lucky that I don't have to pay rent or worry about food. But the thing is, I spend these "FREE TIME" just sitting at my desk trying hard to focus no joke. Most time I am just looking at the screen thinking how shitty I am and ungrateful I am. Other times are me just cleaning up the house over, and over, and over....I'm lost. What kind of effect could we expect ?  Well, I'm no psychologist,  but what you describe does sound like ADHD. Everything you mentioned are things I personally struggle with. So, if you are like me, then you might be on the inattentive side of things. 

Either way,  learning how your brain works differently, and necessary strategies associated with that, is paramount.  I still have days where I have to constantly tell myself to work with my brain,  as apposed to fighting it.  If you can avoid the need for meds, then that's obviously preferable.  

If you do end up needing meds, they will almost certainly give you a stimulant. You'll quickly realize that they work differently on ADHD brains then the college kid cramming for finals.  They actually calm our put of control thoughts,  making it easier to do things like read, hold conversation, stay focused on menial tasks and so forth.  

I'm guessing you have a hard time explaining why you haven't done the things that are expected of you? Like every new task you haven't done yet,  just adds to the pile of things you're worried about,  to the point your brain becomes so overwhelmed that you can become frozen to do even the easiest thing? If so,  the meds, along with making well defined lists or schedules, will absolutely help you to take things one at a time. 

I don't want to give you the impression that it will be easy though. There isn't a magic cure, and it will take time to adjust to the realization that your brain will always work differently than most people.  Just know,  if you start self loathing,  and stressing about not being where you want,  or that your falling behind your peers, you're actually already doing great just by getting help. Focus on getting healthy mentally, and you'll be just fine.   