When people don't understand what the symptoms of ADHD are, simply tell them it's like drinking 3 litres of coffee and trying to meditate. Or is it just me? It’s like a classroom trying to stay on task and follow the assignments, but without a teacher in charge.  My adhd is nothing like that. I'm inattentive type. I do sometimes use the analogy of a computer with not enough RAM. Almost all adhd workarounds involve ways to avoid having too many competing processes and background tasks taking up bandwidth - people seem to understand the computer analogies. In my opinion I do have a mental disability, I'm just smart enough to be able to work with a doctor to manage it. Treating my anxiety helped a tonne to free up mental power for more productive things, becoming more functional helped me overcome my depression. Working part-time to not overtax my already overtaxed  brain, getting more sleep than a neurotypical would need as well. Using stimulants to be awake when I need to be working not daydreaming or wasting time on Reddit etc. "Because you asked me to describe it, I will now spend the next 5 hours coming up with the perfect analogy. I will not, however, actually tell it to you." I need to study tonight. I should eat first. O the dog needs to be fed. Wait i think the tvs on upstairs. Fuck i left my car unlocked. It’s not like that for me at all. I am the primarily inattentive type so I just always feel slow, like I’m in a brain fog. Give me an idea to ponder and write about for two hours and I’d be great but throw 20 tasks at me and ask me to prioritize and get them all done and I will just shrivel into a heap of shame and confusion.  A power point flashing slides at two second intervals and being expect to complete every task by the deadline listed in minuscule type in a random location on each slide all written in a fancy script font. 
 I always talk about how for most people, their focus and perception can contract and expand at will. As a metaphor it's like they have the ability to either take in the world through: a toilet paper roll (specific-focus, like reading), blinders (general focus, like class lecture), nothing (take in everything, like being at a football game) but for me, my ADHD is like never being able to choose what I use nor what im pointed at.
Am I gonna drive looking through a toilet paper roll today? Use nothing when I need to do an exam and get flooded with sensory overload? Who knows!  It’s like trying to make a castle out of cards while hopping on one foot and being screamed at by a drill sergeant to get your life together. It's more like trying to control a mech suit with 10000 TVs on current channels inside the suit and every now and again you're quizzed on a portion of one of the shows on the TVs. Tempting ADHD brains to come up with analogys... probably the best way to get a comment section full if paragraph long texts XD The closest I've been able to describe it, was when I was explaining how I knew my meds were working to someone who also has glasses. I said, that when I found the right meds, it was the exact same feeling as when I got my first pair of glasses, and could see the leaves on trees. Everything was in focus, and I couldn't believe that this is what EVERYONE SAW ALL THE TIME. I said, medication is just the glasses for my brain, and finding the right prescription meant that I could finally focus clearly. It doesn't fix anything, but it allows me to function at the same capacity as most people.  My life is just a complication of pretending I am paying attention by agreeing and nodding through meetings and finding cold cups of tea around my house that I forgot about. Your attention is like the uncertainty principle, where you are never able to pay attention to a single thing, but is shared to numerous thoughts at once. The number of things you can pay attention to depends on the amount of time you need to pay attention to it. ADHD PI feels to me more like how you feel at 3am in the library studying for your final the next morning. 

Everything just feels like *heavy* and your attention is completely shot It’s like stepping on the accelerator pedal when the car is in neutral. VROOOOoooom....car doesn’t move  What I experience is that I don't necessarily feel focused on multiple things at a time, but I often can't control my focus. It jumps between the relevant noises and background noises, be it external or internal. When I try to intentionally focus on something without the presence of 'background noise' I'll really just be repeating information in my head over and over without processing the meaning, like reading a sentence in a foreign language. It's not that my focus is somewhere else, it's more like it's 'floating in space' until my mind finds something my attention 'wants' to focus on. 

I guess the best analogy I could think of for my symptoms would be like having your mouse set on high sensitivity and trying to click on a single pixel button all the while the pointer randomly disappears and/or gets locked into every popup that appears every few seconds.  I like the analogy of going about your day with a soft rain of post-it notes falling, and some are important and some aren't, so you have to try to catch and read all of them but they're piling up in your hand and you don't know which one you already read, and maybe there's also a circus bear on a unicycle slowly circling you while you walk and you have to make sure you don't bump into the circus bear. 

Also the song keeps changing volume from very soft so you strain to hear it and ask yourself "what is this song?" to so loud that you can barely hear yourself think. 

I have the inattentive type, so this is all happening very calmly while I try to pay attention in math class. No... it's nothing like that for me... so no...
You can if u want... but no... I can only meditate on 3 litres of coffee.... It's like a computer with a macro on it. Or it keeps getting malware and pop ups, and the CPU and memory are overloaded and it can't get anything done in a timely manner. Like that one meme says... it's like your brain has 1000 internet tabs open and you can't find out where the music is coming from.

(Someone with better computer knowledge than me can probably explain this better.) I try to regularly meditate.  It's like my brain is a strobe light. Flickering at a 1000 flashes/ second. I'm immune to coffee, so I have to guess how that would make a person feel, but I doubt it. I mostly have a million things going on in my head at the same time without any structure. I feel really depressed by reading some of the comments.   But you're also a 10 year old on Christmas Eve!!  It's like sitting in an airplane for 8 hours a day Someone said to me last night, it’s like driving a car with a Ferrari engine and pedal bike brakes.  It’s like having three radio talk shows, NPR, and a music station all playing at once. The music station is broken so it just constantly loops the same snippet of a song for hours. Everything going on is super important so you have to pay attention to all of it while also living life. You’re exhausted as soon as you wake up because you constantly have to listen to it.  I love you for this.  Wow, this would be the absolute perfect analogy for me. I think most people would interpret this as trying to say I'm hyperactive all the time (which isn't the case for me), so I'd go on the explain... "with all that caffeine in you, it would be almost impossible not to move when you're supposed to be sitting still. Well, that's what my brain is like when I'm supposed to be focussing." It's like having to ride a stubborn horse everywhere when everybody else is on a bike. And you don't have a saddle or reins. For me it's like driving a Ferrari locked on full throttle but I only get to use the steering wheel sometimes.

When I'm not controlling it, it just keeps doing donuts on the asphalt pointing to different directions every second. It's like Cyclops from the x man, I just cannot put the laser focus into good uses For me, it’s like Dr Jeckel and Mr Hyde.  Mr Hyde causes chaos and only hours later Mr Hyde comes back and realizes what his alterior personality had done. There’s been times where I don’t even know what I said seconds before you ask me.  I find that comparing my attention to a dog's is a good analogy.  Dogs have very little control over what they pay attention to, whatever is most interesting in the moment is what they focus on and it's usually not for very long.  Much of dog training involves making yourself and your reward more interesting than the dog's environment so they stay focused on you; we ADHDers have to do this for ourselves. I love this analogy as it seems more likely that people would understand it.

People don't see their brains as classrooms, or computers, or what have you because they simply don't need to think that way.

So I think it's hard to explain how brains work by comparing them to computers, for example, because people just can't identify with that.

But everyone drinks coffee and has maybe tried meditation, so I think this analogy is pretty good! That's pretty accurate. I like this one a lot! Anxiety takes a huge amount of brain power and physical energy, even when it’s so much in the background you aren’t thinking about it consciously. This is exactly how it is for me and how i explain it too (I'm also the inattentive type) but I haven't tried medication before. Does it really help? Yea, I'm hella inattentive as well, feel ya Wouldn't RAM be short term memory? i use computer analogies too! i like to think of myself like an old desktop that still has like windows 98 or something, suuuuper slow processing speed; you click on a bunch of things and nothing happens and then suddenly everythings popping up at once and its impossible to get from window to window fast enough Same. Anxiety is the worst. It ruins plans and makes me clench my jaw!  My brain, every problem to ruminate about ever. oh shit that me And you want to do all of them at the same time because if you start one of them, you feel guilty about not doing the others, so you do nothing, and puts around on Reddit for a while. 🤣🤣🤣 all the time This one speaks to me.  This is my life!  This is similar to my description... I say it’s like a TV and someone else is holding the remote. And if I really want one channel (like a conversation with a friend) I just have to try to catch bits and pieces. 😣 Yes! And all the teevees have picture in picture and captions turned on in every language!  What is like for you.. and how would you know what's like for a person without adhd :P I feel a little bit less alone and a lot like I'm part of a supportive community that understands me. This is my experience as well. I'm not anxious. My anxiety manifests itself through exhaustion and draining my physical energy.  it’s the morning – when my brain is the quietest– and i’m thinking, ‘wow this is so peaceful i’m just reading without having another internal dialogue happening’ but then i realised that i’ve been randomly singing a high school musical song in my head for around an hour whilst reading threads

fucking sick of this  The only reason I can hold down a job at all is due to medication. Some days I forget to take it at work and I experience the despair that was normal for me prior to medication and I thank luck/god/the universe for being born in a era with access to it. It isn't perfect but I have life pre-meds and life post meds and it's like night and day Yes.  There are normally several layers of memory between the CPU and RAM, but it's usually just described in terms of Hard Drive <-> RAM <-> CPU

If you wanted a more accurate comparison (but one that fewer people would understand immediately, so I'd just stick with "RAM"), I would compare it to a CPU with very few registers.  Registers are the last layer of memory, which the CPU actually interfaces with.  Usually you have a lot of registers and you can let different chunks of data sit there while you work on different things.  If you only have a few registers you have to constantly swap things in and out of cache/RAM in order to get anything done, which winds up taking up a ton of your processing/attention.

And then if you think about how a modern operating system works, a CPU is given a rotation of tasks to work on, and it works on each one in chunks then swaps out to the next one for a bit, continually changing.  So if you have a processor that can't shift from one task to another quickly, your whole system starts grinding and slowing down. Or are start one and forget the rest Lol try not to take offence as I said you can use your example. With the different ways ADHD affects people-

1: This example seems to emphasize the hyperactive and disorganized thoughts associated with ADHD

2: I don't like to simplify a complicated disorder. It doesn't address the problems with executive functioning etc. 

As I said you're free to use it but if I said this to the people that know me they wouldn't understand. It would not reflect me and my ADHD. First of all if you want to use the argument "how would I know what's it like for people without ADHD" then you must say the same thing to the person who created the topic. I'm not trying to attack anyone's point of view. I simply meant that the example would not work for me or described my ADHD. Idk I thought yours was a pretty close example. Good job. I do that but I'm actually singing out loud and don't notice 😂😂. The funny thing is I live with 5 other house mates and the walls are thin so they can hear me singing weird songs 😂😂 I woke up with this morning with "Row row row your boat" stuck in my head. I legitimately can't remember the last time I heard that song. Can you try to explain how much more difficult it is to hold down a job off/pre-medication, and what’re the reasons it’s more difficult? I’m asking because I’m undiagnosed but have thought for years that I have adhd, and now that I’m in my early twenties and really struggling with pretty much everything in life, I’m trying to figure out if I should pursue psychiatric care. Everything feels like the hardest thing in the world and I’m tired of being depressed and anxious and told to go get a hobby. And I’m tired of hating working because my life ends up negatively spiraling out of control and focus.  I also was thinking about the multiple core analogy.

It's like have having a CPU with multiple weak cores. I hum a lot. Especially when eating food that I like. After moving away from family I’ve realised how weird it is by other people’s reactions! It's hard  to know if you are sick "enough" when it comes to mental health stuff, but the truth is if you were ok you wouldn't be thinking about it AT ALL, let alone multiple times a week. You can trust your gut that something is actually wrong. I still have hard days and easy days, but the hard days don't leave me despairing of life itself, just a little tired. The easy days are over so quickly I have energy left at the end of the day to visit friends, plan for the future, go to the gym, clean, do some gardening - all that stuff that makes life worthwhile instead of an empty, overwhelming, pointless grind. Anxiety and depression are comorbid with adhd but dealing with the underlying adhd stops the leak at the bottom of your emotional bucket 