Having trouble reading books even though I used to love them. Any tips? Hi everyone, so for some background I'm a 22 year old college drop out who just recently got diagnosed with ADHD. I've been going through a hard time and I thought that I would try to return to reading which always comforted me in the past. The problem is, I can't seem to keep my attention on the page long enough to take anything in. Its an active effort and I just wanted to know if people have any tips for being able to get into reading with a weird attention span. Thanks :) I’ve had this problem too.  I was the kid who always had a book on her.  I’d read in those few minutes before a class started.  Later on in life, I’d use my hour commute by bus or train to read some of the books I was supposed to read in college.

Now?  It’s a crap shoot.  I still read a lot, but sometimes it’s 10 minutes of reading, then Facebook or a bit of TV or some candy crush.  I’m not sure that I have a fix for you.  Just keep reading.  If you need breaks, take them.  But never give up your love of the written word.

One thing I have embraced more is the use of audio books.  I know it’s not technically reading, but you can try reading along and see if that helps.  Or just listen and allow your body to fidget or multitask like it wants. This sounds so counter intuitive but I absolutely cannot read for more than a paragraph without headphones in.

I always thought this was very weird because it seems like it would be the exact of opposite of what a person with ADHD would need while trying to concentrate. BUT I read up on it a little bit, and it's actually not that weird for ambient noises to be way way way more distracting to me than music. Ambient noises are sporadic, and thus distracting. Music (at least music you're already familiar with) doesn't surprise you and can take you out of the moment less overall. Something about having headphones makes me tuned in to the act of reading, instead of being tuned in to literally everything around me. It's like reading in a bubble.

ALSO, just not getting mad at yourself for spacing out while reading can be super helpful. Letting your mind wander can be the best part of the whole experience----reading SHOULD get your thoughts flowing.

AND, compared to movies, television or podcasts, that's the nice thing about books-- they don't move on without you. If you space out for 15 minutes, the pages aren't going to keep turning until you've missed the whole chapter, the sentence you were on is still right in front of you. This can be frustrating when you're on a time crunch, but when you're just reading for pleasure who cares if it takes you two hours to read 10 pages because your mind wanders? In situations where you ARE racing a deadline to read something, just recognize that you take forever to read stuff and give yourself wiggle room. Do use any medication? I have the same problems and got ADD diagnosed some days ago and will be on Concerta next week. I can't watch a full movie, read uninteresting books and so on. However, if it's something I enjoy, or am good at, I become a machine. 

Do you enjoy the particular book you're trying to read?  +1 for audio books and podcasts  