I did it. I got a perfect score on my calculus exam. This feels so surreal. I’m a freshman in college. The test was 1/5 of my course grade and I got every single point.  I did have extended time (3 hours rather than 2), but even so, accomplishing this really is on another level of surreal for me. 

For some background, I ended my junior year of high school with a B, 4 C’s, and a D. My study habits were non-existent back then. I had pretty much surrendered myself to the disorder and just accepted that someone like me could never excel in school in the way I always hoped to. Senior year was much better, all A’s and B’s, but even so, I was fully aware that college would be a different animal. 

The impending freedom I was about to have terrified me. Nobody to force me to go to class. Giant lecture halls.  No mom looking over my shoulder to make sure I was studying. All of these factors made things look pretty bleak. And, I won’t lie, I started off this semester similar to how I predicted. I literally didn’t go to the library once until a month in. 

But then one day, I just...  started taking responsibility for myself. I went to the library for hours every day catching up on material. I got a tutor and took advantage of on-campus help resources. Having done this really has taken me out of the pessimistic mindset I’ve always held towards my future. Because, yes, this shit was anything but a walk in the park. It was discouraging knowing I had to try 10x harder than everyone else just to learn one thing because my brain processes the information at such a slow rate. But now? All that’s still true, except it doesn’t fucking matter. Because I DID IT. 

The realization that I can say “I want to accomplish this” and then do it makes me feel invincible. Sure, it will be extremely difficult, but extremely difficult does not equal impossible. I now have an A in the clsss and am on track to earn all A’s in the rest of my classes this semester as well. 

Sorry this was so long, but this was just huge for me. And I also wanted to share this as a reminder that you, me, ALL of us are capable. We might not have the luxury of being able to learn at lightning speed or have much natural self-discipline. But hey. That’s just how we are. We just have to put in that extra effort. That doesn’t make us inferior. It makes us the underdogs. Keep fighting, everyone.  [I save this one for special occasions.](https://i.imgur.com/RaaDTwk.mp4) Daaaamn boooiy you killing it !  Way to go dude! This was inspiring to me after I got a D on my exam yesterday. I studied for hours and still got a D :(

I suppose I have to study more than usual now. Pooey.  I don’t want to rain on your parade but just remember many people often go into college strong and finish poorly or start poorly and finish strong. Doing well throughout (3.8+) is the only time your gpa will be relevant unless you’re at a top or relevant school, then it’s more flexible. Congratulations, keep it up. It’ll get even harder especially when you get into the last rung of classes but if you use your momentum and good habits built up until then, it’ll make it a lot easier.

I graduated, undiagnosed and untreated, with a 3.1 and it was a often times a living hell due to poor habits and trying to make it through by force of sheer will alone is tough. Congratulations! So proud of you. Keep up the good work.  This happened to me too. I've been refreshing my colleges system for 3 days now. I still can't believe it. I'm in top3 right now This post is so wholesome and inspiring, I'm so happy for you!

May I ask you what did you do to get better grades on highschool? And what pushed you to get on the right mindset to turn back to study and be on track? Congratulations! That is such a GREAT feeling!  It’s a great feeling. Not an easy accomplishment for *anyone* but with us we tend to have to try 5x harder to be at the normal level so this is no easy feat. Congrats!  Props dude, I fucking hate complicated non mental math and I just hate everything about have to do that shit Great job!!  This is amazing! Congratulations! What an incredible accomplishment :)  I am the same way this semester, bro! Granted I will likely end up with a few A-‘s... which is stressing me out it’s miles from where I’ve come from. I totally understand the “10x harder” thing because I have the highest grade in my Calc class as well but I don’t think my classmates understand how hard I worked for that A. Literally HOURS of studying one concept. 

Congrats on your successes this semester, keep up the great work!!  You’re amazing!! Great job!! Hold on to that feeling and celebrate!!!  Congratulations! I cant wait to hear more of your stories. Thanks for the inspiration! YES!!! Idk who you are but i luv you and this was so encouraging  Keep it up my dude!!! Proud of you :-) Huge achievement! Congrats! Wow this post really hits close to home for me, thank you for sharing. My first three years of highschool I shared the same struggles as you, my cumulative GPA after my junior year was 2.35. Now I’m in my senior year and I’ve started to realize I need to take accountability for finishing out highschool. Over halfway through this semester I’ve really pushed myself to stay on top of my homework load, resulting in a 3.25 for the semester; the highest it’s ever been.

For my whole highschool career I’ve known that I wasn’t going to go to college, the thought of 4 more years makes me sick. But reading this post has actually opened me up to the possibility of going back to college after a much needed gap year. So once again I’d like to thank you for posting this, OP. Here’s to hoping my academic career becomes as active and successful as yours has.

Cheers! I would like to believe that you are the alternate universe version of me where all the events in my life that I regret didn’t happen. Hang onto that feeling, find a way to bookmark it in your brain so you can pull it out later on when things get tough again so you can PROVE to yourself that yes, you CAN do it again. You’ve done it before, you can do it again. It will even get easier with practice! This is a huge major accomplishment! Congratulations! That's the best feeling EVER!! Congratulations, you did a hard thing :) Congrats!  Why are you taking calculus?

When I was a teenager, I told my doctor (who managed my ADHD): “when you have ADHD, you have to work harder.”

When I went back in 2008 to give the keynote at the CHADD conference back in my hometown (I’m a pediatrician specializing in ADHD), he introduced me, mentioned that he’d introduced many of his mentors before, but never a mentee.

And then he brought up that quote of mine.  Perhaps I was wiser as a teen than I give myself credit for.

We’ve all been told that we can’t succeed.  For me, it was sheer spite that drove me forward through three of the most prestigious degrees one can earn.

So grab your spite, bridle and saddle it, and ride it to victory. That is spectacular!!  Dude.  Congrats.  This is cheesy but I honestly teared up reading the post title cause I know that awesome feeling.  👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Don't let your guard down tho 😁 Congrats!!! And don't feel like you need to qualify your grade with the fact that you got extra time - that extra time wasn't to give you a leg up on others, it was to put you on the same playing field as your classmates! You studied and worked hard to know the material. If you didn't, no amount of extra time would have gotten you a perfect score. Keep up the great work! This is so true. My first semester as a freshman in college, I had a required literature class. I found out through other students that I’d picked one of the most difficult/strict professors for that class. I was terrified. I’m terrible at reading books for school that are subject matters I initially don’t have any attachment to. Needless to say, I flopped left and right on readings and writing assignments. I started going to see her regularly during her office hours for help. Although there was some improvement, I was still so worried about my final grade. But I really made a point of giving it my all. After the semester ended, I went home for Christmas. When we received our grades over that holiday break, and I saw that I got a B-   I was shocked.  Happy, but shocked. When I saw her in passing in the hall the next semester, I opened my mouth to say something. Maybe thank you. Maybe how in the world.. but before anything came out she just smiled and said “You deserved it.” Things like that are a huge confidence booster for me. And for all of us, too when our extra effort is recognized and rewarded. I love reading everyone’s success stories on here. No matter how big or small. Reminds me that we CAN do this!! AHHH! Way to go, OP! I know this struggle too well having taken calc 1-3. Doesn't it feel amazing though? 
Remember those feelings of achievement as college gets more difficult because it will. Do what you love to do and know yourself! Now if only I could actually remember homework assignments.  In my head : "What does calculus have to do with squirrels?!" 

Congrats I'm so proud of you!!!!

BTW, if you ever need help with calculus, feel free to message me!!!  I'm a math major and a former math tutor. :) YES this is amazing! it’s so cool how much you can achieve once you get past the many hurdles! this is inspiration

now i kinda wanna get back into calculus though... was fun until the hard bits Congrats dude!! Seems like you've really earned it. You might also want to look into how to use paragraph breaks, but one thing at a time. Congratulations! I struggled with calc when I first went to college back in '96. It was part if the reason I dropped out. Last year I finally decided to try meds. I just passed an online calc class with a C. It would have been better, but those minor issues that you get, missing a sign, forgetting the C, not reading the whole question, are magnified in an online class. Without meds I wouldn't have even come close to a C.  So a thing that worked for me in college was 2 hours every day. Study for at least this amount of time every day. 

I would talk to my professors and explain that getting an extra copy of any handouts or worksheets right up front and in the beginning of the semester (or at least as soon as I can) would be greatly helpful to me. 

Then when I was all caught up and I had only done 20-30 minutes of homework that day I could read ahead and apply the school work I had not been given yet to the studies I was still going to do. OR I could read back over a concept I had not really figured out and trace it forward as part of the class. Going from the start of the class and skimming my way forward to where we were and reading ahead made learning the material in class during lectures WAY easier. Also when I was that familiar with the material I came up with questions about how these things interlocked constantly. I would jot down all of my questions and a general idea of what was going on as my notes and just taking notes like that made me engaged with the material. 

I also showed up early to my classes... like 30 minutes was my goal. I would spend my time going back over the notes from the last lecture and be back up to speed with the material. Professors would ask "where were we last time?" and I would say something along the lines of " The Athenians just set up the Hellenistic League and you had just explained that they collected dues and we got cut off before Athens could spend it" (spoiler alert walls and temples). 

I took days off for sure, but I would only do so if I had saved up the time beforehand. I want my Saturday so I can go out with friends or go camping? Well then I need to save up 4 extra hours this week. If an emergency came up and I missed time? Gotta pay double on the back end (popping off 15 minutes early means 30 extra minutes the next day). 

On the other hand, I had almost no friends, no social life, my home was a train wreck, and I was so busy constantly that I cried from the strain of it sometimes... but I graduated meds free. I take meds in my working life, I will for the rest of my life probably. 

I continue with the 2 hours a day thing after college, but it is cleaning house, yard work, working out, bills, that sort of malarkey... I still basically have no social life, but it is not half as bad as it used to be.  So what you're saying is that it's possible....as long as our parents are paying our bills for us Math was one of the fes courses i could get 100% on exams its logic and theres less factors to prepare for than just keep redoing the practice problems Congratulations!!! I’m really happy to hear that you persevered! It’s great that you had the accommodation of extra time—and you proved exactly why such accommodation is needed. All that crazy calculus ability is totally in you!  Congrats! Hopefully you don't have to take Calc2 or 3. They suck Congratulations! You should definitely celebrate! 

As you move forward in college though, I'd like to offer a word of caution. I spent 7 years in undergrad, not because I failed courses, but because I was an overachiever (AA, AS, and BS in STEM). I became obsessed with the need to prove to myself that I could graduate with a 4.0. I did with my associates from community college (4 years), but when I transferred and entered upper level STEM classes, it all caught up to me. I believe it was spring semester of year 5 when I averaged 3-4 hrs of sleep per night, including weekends. Fall of year 6 is when I was finally diagnosed with ADHD and alllll the health problems stemming from the lack of sleep and crazy amounts of stress. I remember there was a time when I was seeing 5 different doctors every couple of weeks. So as proud of you as I am, and as proud of yourself as you should be, as you move forward, please remember to take care of yourself and have some fun in college.

Now that that's out of the way, go celebrate! I felt like this the first time I slammed an abnormal psych test. There are so many MANY more of these moment waiting you go shine you crazy diamond.
 For me personally, studying more often instead of just right before exams makes studying less stressful which increases the my probability of actually learning something.  Also studying to learn as opposed to studying to remember helps me too. This is definitely fair to bring up. I’m taking calc 2 as well as organic chem next semester so I am making sure to remind myself that I will probably have to try even harder next semester. It’s weird to think about because I already feel like I’m putting in over 90% of my effort, but that just means some adjustments will need to be made. The one thing I’m working on is the difference between “studying smart” and “studying hard”. Studying hard has worked this semester because I have the time but with my courseload in the spring, I’ll definitely have to place a greater focus on efficiency when studying. I think the biggest factor was that I decided to take AP chem senior year. And it’s pretty much considered to be the hardest class in the school. Regular chem was actually the one subject I got a B in at the end of junior year, so I had a lot of respect for the subject as well as my teacher (who also taught AP chem). I had decided early junior year that I definitely wanted to major in chem, so I was willing to take on the challenge as it really did mean something to me. And goddamn, that class was the hardest class I have ever taken but I am so grateful for the experience. There was no way to bullshit your way through that class. It was either do the insane amount of work required to do well, or fail the class. But I cared about it too much to give up so I chose to do the work. I still attribute much of my current success to the self-disciplinary foundation I built up last year in that class.  I also use my memory of the course as guide for whenever I want to give up. I just have to remember what this is all going towards. I feel you so much on the classmates thing! From their perspective I think it’s easy to assume that you and I just happen to have a natural high ability in math. (And honestly I’m probably also guilty of attributing other people’s academic success to natural skill rather than work ethic) But whenever someone says “I’m so jealous of you!” regarding my grade, I just think back to all of the 5 hour nights at the library spent trying to understand a concept. Only for me to leave at the end of the night with only a very basic understanding of what I studied.  First of all, congratulations on the GPA increase! That’s a huge jump and that says something about both your current ability in school as well as your overall potential.

Second, I really hope you choose to pursue a college education! Just remember that even though it’s bound to present you with obstacles, nothing is EVER over before it’s started. Even on my off days when I stray away a little bit from my intended study plan, I take comfort in knowing that tomorrow is a clean slate. And though, I may have not made a productive use of my time today, there’s an entire day ahead of me that I have complete and total control over. This made me smile. I think one of the warmest feelings in the world is having a strict teacher tell you they are proud of you. So many people like to dismiss strict teachers as assholes because they think the teacher is just trying to give them a hard time. But when that same teacher commends you for your effort, it suddenly all makes sense. You realize how much they really do care and the compliment sticks with you because you know it was genuine. Keep up the good work. :) Fixed! I can definitely see how that wall of text would be hard to read. (Especially given that I posted this in r/ADHD) I didnt read closely enough to see what you're referring to but I fucking felt that :( I only work around 10 hours per week plus time on the bus there and back that adds up but I swear if I didnt have job I think I'd go up a letter grade in several classes...  My issue is that I get too much in my head if I study weeks before an exam. I have thoughts like “what if I’m studying the wrong things? This isn’t going to be on the test! You have other classes to study for! You’re not going to remember this since it’s too much information” 

I discourage myself to study and then right when the test is about to come up I get into hyper focus and spend hours studying three-two days before the exam.  I can totally relate to this, I myself am studying AP chemistry and had pretty much the same journey through high school, so I have so much respect for your achievements! 
I guess right now I'm quite struggling with finding the self-discipline and healthy habits to get through my career, even though I always have in mind my goals... can you give me some inward/advice? For real yo. I have a 3.04, and work ~40hr/week, but before I got a proper job, I had a 3.6.

It's not because I don't work hard, it's because I just don't have the time to spend 3x as many hours on an assignment and still sleep I dont know how in the *hell* you work full time and do school. I'd have straight Fs. Flexible scheduling! The good thing about working in Ops is that it doesn't matter when I'm landing servers.

Given there's a lot I can only do during daylight hours too, but being able to work at night helps 