I did it guys I am now awake for 30 hours straight and have been working the last 7-10 days for every waking hour of the day.But fuck yeah, I just handed in my master thesis.Freedom! Good morning and Well done!!
Hope you slept well.
You'll feel a bit empty today but, I promise if you go for a walk (outside!) you get a 300% well being hit!

IF your reading this and you have not slept you must be re-reading your paper which is pointless and you need to stop. NOW!
Good job! Oh my god please sleep before you give yourself a heart attack I can't help to be curious, how much medication was consumed?, also did you drink coffee? because 30 hours of focus and wakefulness is dedication man! congrats! You totally did a thing! Rest up hey.  CONGRATS!

Now go take a nap. You've earned it. I hope to emulate you someday.
 yay!! woo!!  Congrats! Now real life can start;)  Takes powering through to a whole new level! Congratulations! [removed] Well done. Get a good sleep! U deserve it ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Congratulations <3 What'd you do? actually haven't really slept yet, it's my bday as well, so wanted to enjoy the day a bit.  
Looking forward to chilling out tomorrow though was actually pretty scared for this at some point.  
Tried to get at least 7 hours of sleep in and eat somewhat healthy to counter this.   
Was impossible during the last few days though. Also probably dangerous not all that much tbh, I normally take a MR release Ritalin 30mg (last for about 5 hours for me) with  1 or 2 extra doses of 15mg MPH IR (lasts for about 3 hours). During these last 7-10 days, I slightly lowered the dose, because I realized that what I was doing wasn't all that healthy. So I was mostly taking 10mg every 3-4 hours.   
Before meds, I drank coffee like it was water, but sadly since I've started on meds it tends to make me pretty shaky.  
Tried it a couple of times when I was really tired, but it always led to more worrying and me being less productive. 

These last days I was so stressed out that I got rather zen (you guys probably know what it's like), no one could tell I was stressed and it felt like I could function normally. I didn't really need meds to do what I had to do, although the did help a lot when it comes to not losing focus. Will do! Thanks!   
I could sleep for days! You could, but I would really advise you to start earlier and work more consistently.   
The stress I endured during the last hours before the deadline where for from ok.  
Don't put yourself in my position. Such a relevant username  thanks, really psyched about it!   
Can't wait to fix my shit I did stuff like this in the past, but never to this extent.   
Think I really pushed myself to the limit this time! ;) I did, but not all that more than my regular dosage.  
Going to take a couple of days break now, although I will probably miss the silence Thanks!  
I will, probably not going to wake up for the next 14 hours or so thanks! What do you mean?   
I wrote my thesis in the last 7 days But you only had six more hours to go before the hallucinations started!

Those were the best part.

Or worst.

Catching a whiff of a strange cologne while alone in the lab and watching a rolly chair spin 90 degrees was maybe the worst.  Thanks, I appreciate the advice. haha, indeed!   
I am on methylphenidate however! [removed] yeah what is this thesis you speak of As I replied to someone here, I did not avoid sleep and aimed to get in at least 7 every day.  
Last few days hitting 7 was hard because of the stress though.   
Did however dosage a bit less in the last few days because I could concentrate better because of the increase in stress. Also, I could feel my body suffering, didn't want to stress it any more. I wrote about how participating in an innovation ecosystem impacts how the board of directors fulfills its service role. [removed] oh, that sounds pretty interesting, actually. Thanks!  
And thanks for reminding me to take my magnesium tabs, I forgot about them today.  


Where did you find this btw?  
Would love to read up on it. 