You looked up something and ended up going down a reddit (or other website) rabbit hole. Friendly reminder that you need your job to survive Since I'm a total hypocrite, I'm going to get back to work now...     

Edit: you are all beautiful people Oh goddamit. You got me. Can someone just post this another day anew every morning? I'm on Eastern Time. Thanks LOL.  This is honestly my favorite part of adhd. I feel like I'm always curious and always want to know/research something.

Two years ago I managed a kitchen and the other manager also had adhd. We probably spent a full month over the course of 6 months together doing science experiments

We also came up with 12 new specials that the owners adopted as staples

Edit/disclaimer:
I did stay up until 3am last night researching guy faux after getting 25 minutes into V for Vendetta. It took me 5 hours to watch that movie. Me everyday at work 😂 Is there a way I can have a notification that does this every morning?  This is why I'm good at trivia... When they ask about something I rabbit holed... Recently

I do this at work too. It's how I end up finding out way too much about the company, their political motives, and management. Also how I end up being good at my job.  That’s everyday all the time.  Should be getting ready for work while posting this.   Ugh. Thank you.  Why the personal attack man  😛😛 Dammit ! I’m late! Again! Thank you. Back to homework. Not all heroes wear capes. Well, maybe OP has a cape, I shouldn't assume. LOL! Omfg, this is exactly what I needed to hear. Refocusing! Thanks! Too late  ADHD + Anxiety = Insane amount of ridiculous rabbit holes.

At least I'm a SAHP and I'm just wasting my own time 😬 All comments by adhd-ers as we respond at work..  While I'm studying I just end up on completely unrelated Wikipedia pages like "homosexuality in ancient Rome". I mean technically I don't even know if I have ADHD I'm just posting here because I relate to almost all posts but I don't know to diagnose or not. I need this printed on a poster, with some menacing Boss face glaring at me, right on the wall behind my computer monitors.  Thanks man  [deleted] Fiiiiiiiiine... I'll go finish the stalls... Hahahaha. Correct. thank you Thank you!!!     Happens all the time.  I have to schedule meeting to prepare for meetings because sometimes I’m so far down the rabbit hole I look up and realize that important meeting I needed to be at is half way over. Thanks! Highly recommend a Chrome extension called Time Warp. It lets you create timers, redirects, and blocks for your time-waste websites. You can set your own time limits, write your own reminder messages, inspirational quotes, or whatever. For example, I give myself a total of 30 mins/day on FB, and then it redirects me to a more useful website. Just the visual timer is valuable. But it gives me enough control to be helpful, and I can deactivate for awhile IF there's a legit reason to bypass the restrictions I set for myself. Omg every time I go online to look up something, I get sucked into the Facebook vortex and emerge 2 hours later with a dying phone, no memory of why I went online to begin with, and an overwhelming sense of frustration.  Which is how I ended up here, right now 🤣🤣 Hey mods, can we sticky this? Lol I so needed this right now. Back to work for me.  You’re amazing!!! Good looks 😊 I'm very lucky that there are enough things for me that are work-based that I can go down the rabbit hole on. 

However, I'm very unlucky that there are daily tasks I have to do with allotted times, and if I'm ultra-focused on researching something, or fine-tuning a crystal report, I'll forget to do the thing and end up staying late to get it done.  Seriously how can I stop doing this at work?  I really love this sub for these kinds of posts. So recognisable.  I needed this, thanks.  When it's only Tuesday and you side tracked af I love you

I'll go shower now Oops.  I am late to this party but there are chrome extensions that help with this! I found them in this AskReddit thread - https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/96p1fv/_/e42753q/?context=1 Work by day. Reddit by night. Thank you Take this upvote. You deserve it. Got me at the end of the night needing to put my work clothes in the dryer haha Can you post this again in 30 minutes? And then 30 minutes after that? And so on... Aaaaaand I’m going to sleep. After I read the best comments. Could have used this earlier~ Thank you so much for this. This post probably saved me several hours

Edit: I found a different way to procrastinate instead, sorry for letting you guys down. Time to get to work for real this time shiiit I also need sleep yet here I am mindlessly scrolling  Thanks for the reminder, I’ve spent the last hour reading about holy mountains (Mount Kailash in particular) on wiki. Then again, now I’m here. Back to work I guess! Aaaaargh!!! Okay, I'm getting back to work.  who knows an antidote? That slope is very slippery. I usually go outside away from the damnable screen and walk around my little block once or twice to reset. pop an adderall. As soon as I come back in, I turn it off (or turn on website blocker) before I have a chance to look up something else. Then I have to deal with the pinging of 'ooh, I wonder about this' and 'ooh I wonder about that' thoughts that keep going off for at least another half hour. If I can steel my mind, they die down a little bit I can get into a concentration rut. Sometimes I can't. :( damnit quit reminding me haha I would love to see a daily reminder like that at around 7am. I usually get to work early and sit in my car, half the time someone has to come out and tap on the window cause I'll be so glued to my phone Probably i could read it and would continue to reddinting but now with guilt :c ADHD accountability bot? It’s a double edged sword. You may learn some cool new facts or make something fun, but you may also have spent the past 4 hours reading about the history of Kazakhstan.  I can relate. It's so easy to get lost in the research, but I always learn something new from it and the acquired knowledge has made me the go-to person for multiple topics at my job. I count that as a win for adhd. It can be either a super power or a disability, it’s all how I use it. Which I’m not always the best at, heh  Yes, but the worst prt is I can never apply anything I learned to anything.

I pick a project that would take 3 hrs at most to execute. Research everything qnd anything to do it.buy the supplies, ... and never tually start building it  ( or abandon it when less than 2 hrs more effort is to be put in yet).

It sucks. I feel so helpless (was much better a year ago) Am at work right now.. but is lunch hour I have a similar message as the title of one of my alarms on my phone. Works around 80% of the time. I have a Fitbit watch that has alarms and set one on my phone. The two on Fitbit are at 7:25a for "time to go" which is when I'm like okay, brush teeth, grab lunch, grab purse/wallet, running around, getting distracted, etc. Then at 7:35a for "okay seriously get the keys and go on" then I have one for my phone at 7:40a which is "you need to be pulling out of your driveway now or you'll be late". It comes in handy, I was actually on time every day last week so I was super excited for that! I'm usually late at least once a week, not by much, 5 mins max, but still. 

I also have the alarms on my watch for when to quit and go to lunch, when to quit browsing reddit and go click back in from lunch, and when to go clock out and go home. I add in alarms for meetings or whatever else as needed. It seems to work out pretty well for me! Yeah, rabbit holing is so tempting when you have anxiety, especially performance anxiety, which is said to be particularly common with ADHD. I'm tickled about this being online In car reading phone for last 30 min.  No stopping now!  Glue in full force. Definitely would be useful at night so you don't catch yourself laying in bed on your phone until 4 am looking up anything and everything on the world wide web Guilty. I think I’m being productive because I’m learning stuff, but then realize I spent two hours reading about serial killers for no reason. Worse still is that my memory is terrible so I'll inevitably forget that Kazakhstan goes with the cool new fact and I'll retell in with another country as the star.  [deleted] I changed career from having this superpower I'm gonna try not to rephrase that in my head as, "if I'm anything like /u/Altearithe, I'm distracted 80% of the time." I started studying some stuff 6 hours ago. I've gotten through two pages. Which is especially nonproductive when you're supposed to be writing a paper about medical ethics or something else tangentially related at best to what you've been doing for those two hours and it's due tomorrow. 

Or, worse, it was due yesterday.  that was me the other day, but on the history of male castration. very interesting topic by the way, I learned a lot Our brains are so weird like that. We will store massive amounts of absolutely useless knowledge because it *might* be useful one day, but we can’t remember to take the trash out every week.  If you don't mind me asking what is your current career? Haha, you wouldn't be wrong to be honest.  Well there's adderall/adhd driven productivity.... and fallacies.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

You decide which one  My paper is due tomorrow and I'm so deep down the rabbit hole I'm not even reading about the right continent anymore. Migration trends in Europe? Oh, let's become completely fascinated by the history of the various indigenous peoples of East Asia!  I do not miss school. I settled for my Associates Degree, which took me 11 years and 4 colleges to complete. Change paper topic to the ethics of using chemical castration on serial killers; problem solved! I'm head of a Technology & Data function in a company. I started life as an accountant.

 Yep, I know exactly what you mean. One time I had to write a paper analyzing the first movement of Beethoven's Waldstein Sonata and I somehow ended up lost in the political transitions of the various smaller states and kingdoms that would eventually become modern Germany.  I did really well right up until I hit a wall my senior year of college and almost failed out. I was able to graduate after an extra year (double major in music and Biblical studies with minors in philosophy and ancient languages, which in hindsight basically SCREAMS "I have ADHD") and got diagnosed during that 5th year. 

I lost my insurance after graduating and, untreated, started and left 4 masters programs before I found one that I stuck with for all the course work. Unfortunately I never finished my thesis. I finally got back on meds about a year ago and I've been slowly putting my life back together (or, more accurately, putting it together for the first time). 

Fortunately my wife has a good job so I've been able to be the stay at home dad while I get my own shit figured out.  Aw man, I so relate! I was diagnosed 2 years ago (at 33), spent a year trying every other med but stims, then spent a year on adderall and got my life together. But I moved this past April and my current NP won’t prescribe stims, and I feel like I’m unraveling all my hard work!  Do they say why they won't prescribe stimulants? I’m also bipolar, so they get concerned it will trigger mania, which has never happened to me. I've never heard of that side effect or experienced it myself (also bipolar, type 2 in my case).

I could be wrong but I believe SSRIs are far more likely to trigger mania. I take Wellbutrin for depression, which also helps some with ADHD (but not much). Can't afford my Adderall right now because our insurance sucks.  I take Wellbutrin & lamictal, but Wellbutrin doesn’t do much for my adhd symptoms :/ Have you tried the app GoodRx? That helped me when I didn’t have insurance. Nobody here will take GoodRx for a controlled substance, sadly. 

I'm not sure if the Wellbutrin actually does jack for my ADHD or if I just feel more focused because it keeps the depression from killing my energy. Either way, I'll take it.  Oh wow, I’m sorry to hear that! I was able to use it when I lived in FL.  And you’re right, at least you’re not depressed, it’s so hard to get anything done when you don’t want to leave your bed. Yeah. Being the stay at home dad the past few years means I at least haven't had to worry about holding down a job with severe depressive swings. Long story short, I was doing freelance web development and had a project that ended up being so stressful I tried to kill myself and ended up in the psych ward for a week before she got the job that let me stay at home. 

But I obviously VASTLY prefer having the energy and drive to hang out with my kid, you know? 