Serious problems with change? Is this an ADHD thing? Because I can get into a TV show, or get interested in a celebrity, and then when the show ends, or the celebrity like, does something dumb or leaves their studio/music group/whatever, I can't take it. I get so angry and disillusioned, and it feels like I was lied to all the time when I was enjoying the thing. Like, if I listen to a music group and someone leaves, I get mad and then all the music they made while the ex-member was there is off limits to me, because it's Wrong. I wish I could be more clear on that, but I can't - it's just, it's wrong. It's from another time and it can't be Right ever again. 

I'm sorry if this sounds stupid, I'm not crazy, just I feel things *so strongly* even though I *know* people grow and change, and things change or end. I'm wondering if it's related to rejection sensitivity type stuff - any kind of change, and I just can't deal with it. It's Wrong, and it usually won't be made Right again, and I have to find a way to deal with it and it's *so* hard. But I feel like such a freak, because then someone tells me to "chill" or "you're too invested" and I'm like well no shit! I hate it! But I can't just say it'll be okay, because to me, it isn't! 

Anyone who can give me any anecdotal advice is really welcome. I don't know if it's common in ADHD, or if it's more autistic, or maybe I'm just broken. I don't know.  that sounds more on the side of autism. i dont think that type of frustration (level of severity) is associated with adhd  I have this! I always thought it was because of my autistic tendencies (I have a double diagnosis of ADHD-PI and ASD-NOS), but the reasons you listed actually make a lot of sense as to why someone with "only" ADHD might experience it. Super interested to see what others say! I mean, anecdotal evidence is probably not the best thing in this case. It would (most likely) reaffirm your pov and if there was an unrelated cause/mental reason for it then you wouldn't be able to properly address it. THAT BEING SAID,  I do know what you mean and it might stem from the fact that people with ADHD have a hard time finding things that they can naturally focus on. So, when those "constants" change, it is especially hard for us to embrace it because it feels like we're losing something that is already rare in our lives.  Pretty much the same here. I'm ADHD-C and Asperger and I get so mad over changes like that in tv series or books. I remember reading and watching a certain series and the character I like most, dies at the end of the first book, but only seemingly. I got so mad I stoped watching and reading the series even though I KNOW he's not really dead and would cone back later. 

 I've got that double diagnosis too, though mine is more classic autism spectrum disorder. My therapist is nice, but not ... I don't know, we don't get to the root of the problems I'm having, and it's damn near impossible for me to see anyone else right now.  That might be a good point. I don't know, I just want to care less. My empathy/intensity dial should be at like, 6, and it's stuck at 14. It just makes me feel fucked up and that doesn't help my depression, which then feeds back into my ADHD and autism because I can't focus on anything, which then turns into "you're such a drama queen, you stupid bitch" and so on and so on.  Holy shit you're speaking to my soul. My "careometer" should be at a 6 but is stuck at 14 is something i heavily relate too but i attribute it more to who i am outside of adhd and different, consistent experiences i had growing up. It's hard, you care a lot about something/someone and you know you just need to care less ore be hurt less by something but you just can't seem to turn the dial down.  While I'm not happy that you deal with it too, that does help a little at least to know I'm not the only person who does this. I legit wondered if it was some kind of psychosis symptom.  Hard to tell over the Internet. See if your work has an Employee Assistance Program you can use to talk to a counselor. Alternatively, I'm always down for a conversation if you wanna just talk to someone about stuff. 