Having trouble getting through required reading for university. Any tips?  I’ve been doing university through distance learning (totally the best thing for someone with ADHD- lol!). I am having a really difficult time getting through the required reading. I really enjoy the subject matter, it’s just that I can’t seem to get through the reading. I’m usually thinking of something else while I’m reading. In the past year, I have only completed one class. I dropped out of one, and am currently on a two month extension for this one. I like the assignments too, I just can’t seem to get them done!!! 

Any students out there with suggestions? 

A bit of background info: 35 F, Canada. I work full time shift work. On 50mg Vyvanse.  I don’t think anyone, even neurotypicals, finish all the assigned reading.  It’s okay to lower your standards- focus on learning the material and getting deliverables rather than feeling discouraged about all the chapters you haven’t read in depth.

My advice would be to kill some trees and print the readings if they’re PDFs.  I find anything online to be too close to shiny tabs and distractions.  It’s easier for me to stay engaged with a reading if it’s printed out- I can highlight, annotate, whatever. 

Identify the end goal of the reading. Is it to have a certain number of points in an online class forum discussion?  Is it to have quotes for a paper? Is it to have some baseline knowledge for the test?  Be sure as you’re reading or skimming to gather those quotes or key details with notes and/or sticky notes.  My AP English teacher taught us to make notecards with a quote and citation on each for research papers, that can be an effective way to visually and tangibly collect quotes/arguments and not have to rely so much on working memory. Plus saves effort for the bibliography at the end. 

I majored in engineering so I had relatively few humanities classes. It was always a struggle for me even with only one reading-heavy class a semester and getting to pick those classes! I really admire you tackling this, especially online learning without the in person accountability. 
 Thanks so much for your insight. I am going for my degree in HR and labour relations, so it’s a lot of reading and writing. I will try and print my reading as you suggested, I find having it on paper helps quite a lot and it’s easier to follow than on tablet or computer. Thanks again. :-) 