Reading...help? It is physically uncomfortable to read books or even longish articles. My mind has so much chatter/activity and I can’t shut it off. I start looking around the room at anything but the pages. When I force myself to stare at the pages I’m not processing any of what I’m reading unless I read the same paragraph like 3 times, and then I just give up. 

All through high school and my first year of college I never did ANY assigned reading for this reason. I’m good at BSing assignments so I managed with Sparknotes. 

There was a phase like 5 years ago where I got super into reading for pleasure, and it was the only thing I could focus on. I read through class, while walking (and bumping into things), and late into the night. I’ve never been able to replicate that, and especially not with assigned material. I tried so hard to read pleasure books after the phase ended but I just couldn’t. It was torture and took me months to get through half a novel, even if it was a good one. 

I’m starting my second year of college and am required to take a literature class. Other classes have lots of dry reading, too. I know Sparknotes is not going to cut it for much longer. What has helped you all? How can I get through readings to succeed? I’ve tried so many strategies but nothing really works. 

TL;DR: I can’t focus on and absorb what I read no matter how hard I try and I’m taking a literature class. It’s getting more and more frustrating to attempt and keep failing. Looking for ideas.  Audiobooks my friend. Seriously.  I read for pleasure, and I don't have any meds (yet?). I do struggle a lot, but what helps me is to not think about the whole book/article. I focus on just one sentence. I think to myself, "I'm going to read one sentence right now." and I reinforce that as a small accomplishment.

Sometimes, I do only read one sentence and that's great! Sometimes, I find it a good sentence and then I read the whole paragraph. Sometimes I get into a groove and read three chapters.

I dunno if this is one of the things you've tried. Hope it helps! I have this issue as well, learning via reading is the hardest thing I've done in my life. it takes WAY too long to read short things and by the time I'm done I've struggled so much that I absorbed nothing. It's like you read the words and go through the motions but your brain never gets that "oh i see" moment. My problems reading are what finally pushed me to go to therapy because I'd have anxiety attacks. Trying to learn by reading induces headaches and constantly policing myself to stay on task does nothing but remind me of how little I'm getting done. It's a cycle and a catch 22. I hate myself because I suck at reading, and so I avoid reading because I don't want to hate myself. 

I once did an exercise to see just how bad it was and it took me around 8 hours to read 30 pages of a reference manual. I have accommodations for college that allows me to turn things in late but all that does is mean everything else will end up being turned in similarly late until I screw up the final that can't be extended. 

How can a person possibly absorb information if it takes extreme efforts just to get through the actual act of just reading. Sorry this comment wasn't helpful but shit man, reading is a bitch. Most people will say audiobooks and those are great but two things I like, my Kobo e-reader for some reason has really helped. I increase the font so there’s less straining and word distrAction and I just power through! I also used to find reading out loud helps but it’s hard in most situations. Yes, audiobooks! Whenever I pick up a physical book, I read like a paragraph before my mind starts to wander, then I have to reread what I just read, and repeat. After 30 mins, I've read just a few pages. 
I got audible a few years back and it changed my life. Even if I drift in and out from paying attention a bit, the thing keeps going and I am able to keep up anyways somehow. I can actually get through it. Since it doesn't stop, it actually pulls me back in.
I have a subscription to Audible where I basically get 1 book a month for 15 bucks. 