Reading is so hard I’m trying to read an article I have to write a paper on for my abnormal psychology class and I literally can’t retain anything I read! 

I was diagnosed recently with ADHD inattentive type but my doctors are hesitant to give me medication for whatever reason. 

Here I am having trouble with school and my doctor refuses to help. I hate this stigma surrounding stimulants.  A tactic I used in high school prior to diagnosis was to take extensive written notes - with structure. Give each paragraph a “title” based on the topic sentence and then paraphrase 2-3 sentences into bulletpoints that will help you remember the subject of the paragraph.

Big paragraphs? Break it into more parts. “LongParagraph: Part I, II, III” etc.

The stigma sucks, but unfortunately it won’t be going away. We can’t change the world’s view (overnight and without severe evidence), but we can change our tactics for dealing with the state of it. It sucks the article isn't 'a nice read'. If I manage to read anything at all its about something that I like to read about. Even then it's best to make notes and make sure you are not distracted. A small room with closed curtains and a closed door, no phone does the trick for me. Ditto what u/ImaginaMagica said about taking notes. Highlighting also seems to help me. Something about moving the marker over the words helps.

Pretty sure the only reason  I made it through law school was that someone told me you were supposed to mark up your books and do things like highlight the important parts and write the case holdings in the margins. 

I still do it today for work. Any time I have to read something longer than a page, I have to print it, find a highlighter and write notes in the margins. This is a really good tactic and it helped me through reading boring papers all the time. Writing something with pen and paper can help with memory retention and also can help keep you focused.

another strategy was breaking up the whole article in sections and give myself breaks between sections and before moving on to the next section after the break I would review my notes on previous sections. It's slow going but it will help with retention. I second this. I also came up w color codes for highlighting. At minimum, I use green for “bottom line/main idea” information and yellow for general important things. Sorting the importance as I read helps me mentally organize it, which in turn helps my concentration and BONUS- memory.  