Vyvanse, can i take two pills asap Aight guys and gals, I m a loser. Took 24 courses in university and dropped 20, passed 1 and fail 3. I just drop 5 courses within September to October 5. So that makes it 29. I have one course which I have a midterm tomorrow. I just got my Vyvanse and the doc told me to take 1 pill (10mg) everyday for a week, 2 pills every day for a week and 3 pills every day for a week till our next appointment. 


Aight so I need to study but obviously I cant (is this even a surprise at this point) can I just take 2 pills rn and study it out. Who here is taking Vyvanse? What will happen to me if I do that rn? Advice is much much appreciated (I luv you if u give me advice 💗💗💗💗) That seems like such a weird dosing schedule. I take 30mg and that's it.  You should stick to your doctor’s instructions if you haven’t taken these meds before. If you dose too high you’ll end up doing worse on the midterm than if you didn’t take any at all. Dosing for Vyvanse also isn’t based on weight or anything you can predict ahead of time, so you just need to wait a few weeks and see how it goes.  IANAD, but I take Vyvanse and work in a pharmacy. Have you ever taken Vyvanse, Adderall, or any other stimulants? 10 mg is a low dose, likely to make sure that it doesn't cause any problems like allergic reactions or severe anxiety. Vyvanse is dosed up to 70mg at a time, so taking 2 at the same time would give you the equivalent of one 20mg dose and would be clinically safe. 

That being said, depending on your particular tolerance to stimulants/amphetamines, and any other medical conditions you may have, it may help or it may hinder you. You may feel slightly high the first time you take it, and it can be hard to put your focus on something right away; you may find that instead of studying, you spend 6 hours reading about something completely unrelated. If it's not morning where you are, it will also likely keep you up all night - and it can't replace a good night's sleep when you've got something important.

TL;DR - it won't kill you, but you might spend the night reading about the reproductive cycle of a platypus instead of sleeping ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ Ouii (French for yes as I live in Canada) but yo, I took my first pill at 11:21 est and it's 1:07 and I m a little better at focusing. Just a tiny bit tho. Is it okay for me to pop another one? My question is it has been 2 hrs since I took the first one. Most people just pop em all together. Can I take another one after 2 hrs? > spend the night reading about the reproductive cycle of a platypus instead of sleeping

/r/worthit Lmao wait a sec, you are telling me that Vyvanse is dosed up to 70mg?????? What!!!!!!! Aight thanks for the advice ❤️ I don’t think it would cause any negative physical side effects but not sure if it will help mentally. Do you normally stick to this sleep schedule? If not, it’s gonna be basically useless trying it out if you’ve been up since this morning. Ignore this if you woke up recently. 

I take mine five hours apart from each other because I have a super fast metabolism that burns through it quickly. Some people take it once a day and it lasts just fine. You won’t be able to know until you have a few weeks (or maybe even months) of messing with dosing. It’s an annoying process but worth finding the dosage that works best for you.  Oh wait. Just read your comment. Shit this pill ain't working. Which isn't to say it is safe for you to take 70mg.  Yeah my sleeping schedule is horrible so i m used to all nighters. And yes, it will take time which is very annoying. Thanks for ur advice buddy!!! Fuck!!! I properly read your comment. My bad. I will take a week to assess it 