I want to get a diagnosis but I'm worried about going on meds I know I have ADHD. I was prescribed Stratera once and it worked, but it made me so depressed I was on the verge of being suicidal and I only took it for 4 days. I've been scared to take meds ever since. But my life is falling apart, and meds would help. I just am worried that they'll take away my passion and creativity. I had this weird idea when I was a teenager that doctors were prescribing meds to dumb down the most creative, free-spirited people in society and the idea has never fully left me. I know it sounds dumb and conspiracy-like, but I still have this knee-jerk reaction to taking ADHD meds. I take antidepressants and they're fine, but my inner rebel feels like society is pushing me down and it riles me up. Does this make sense to anyone?  Straterra isn't a stimulant, and is actually more similar to anti-depressants than to the stimulants that are usually the first line of treatment attempts for ADHD.

I think your feelings on ADHD meds are very common, and some people do experience lowered creativity on meds.  Other people (like myself), however, find that the opposite is true.  For some people, the meds quiet down all the tangled distractions, and it allows for more controlled creativity.  Instead of always being distracted before I can ever complete a creative thought, I can follow it through and then build to other *relevant* creative thoughts on top of it.

People all respond differently, and the brain truly is a very complex organ.  But if you think that stimulant medication could help you, I'd support talking about it with your doctor.  The best way to know how it'll affect you is to try it. > But my life is falling apart, and meds would help. I just am worried that they'll take away my passion and creativity.

If you try them and you feel they aren't helping or are doing more harm than good you can always just stop taking them. 

> I was prescribed Stratera once and it worked, but it made me so depressed I was on the verge of being suicidal and I only took it for 4 days

[Suicidal ideation](https://www.rxlist.com/strattera-drug.htm) is a known side affect of Strattera.  Definitely make sure your Dr. is aware of the problems you've had with Strattera so he/she doesn't try to prescribe something similar. 

 Medication fear is understandable, but there’s also a lot of stigma out there around it and it’s important to check what you think you know versus what you actually know (concerning meds). However, getting diagnosed doesn’t mean you have to take meds. I will say it has been life altering for me: I am myself, but the version of myself I want to be instead of the version that ADHD makes me be. ADHD comes from an under stimulated prefrontal cortex (which is why concentration and impulsivity is an issue), so stimulants bring the prefrontal cortex to the baseline everyone else is at. But, again, you don’t have to if you don’t want to. Bless you, lovely, but I'm with PhysicsMouse. The idea that creativity and "crazy" are necessary partners is a myth. Creativity is complex and is expressed in many ways. As a professional writer, I can also tell you that the "10% inspiration, 90% perspiration" thing is very real. And you can't do the work thing without a sense of control over yourself and your work environment. Also society has better things to do than monitor your creativity :-)

There's my "tough love" speech.

But re: your meds I was terrified to go on them too. Educate yourself: read about the side-effects of different medications and be prepared to work closely with your doctor. If you are scared about your mental health, make this part of the conversation and ensure you have close monitoring when you try something new. Friends and family can help with this too. From my own reading it's not uncommon for people to get the right med regimen for themselves. 