This article is currently with 25.000 upvotes in /r/all... [Youngest children in the classroom are more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD, suggesting that some teachers are mistaking the immaturity of the youngest children in their class for ADHD and labeling normal development as pathology, finds new research with 14 million children from various countries.](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/9p8bbn/youngest_children_in_the_classroom_are_more/) (/r/science)

What's your take on it? The comment section will do no favors to the emotional state of many people on this sub.  The premise of this article is nothing new- educators are not trained medical professionals and for predominantly young white boys, their immaturity in a school setting is pathologized incorrectly. Add to that the decreasing age at which students are expected to take standardized tests with concurrent cuts to recess and gym class, of course more young kids don’t have the mental stamina to stay focused! It’s developmentally inappropriate! 

Anecdotally, I know more white suburban parents are holding their boys back a year if they’re close to being the youngest in their grade. 

My big complaint is with the medical professionals doing a slap-dash job of a diagnostic work-up leading an increase in diagnoses among these children. A teacher’s word alone is not good enough to determine if a kid has ADHD or not. ADHD needs to be present in at least 2 domains of life, not just school, per DSM V criteria. Are these quacks even doing a proper patient evaluation?? Or are they just slapping a diagnosis on the kid to get the parents out of their offices? (My guesses are no and yes, respectively.) 

Misdiagnosis hurts all of us I teach preschool, and I can definitely see how there would be an over-diagnosis among those with summer birthdays.  There is a huge difference between a six year old kindergartener and a five year old kindergartner.  I was one of the youngest in my class but somehow managed to dodge the diagnosis until my 20’s.  They thought my brother had ADHD so held him back for kindergarten, but his birthday is in February so right in the middle. At 31 and still have the symptoms, lost 2 jobs last year and can't focus during crtical tasks.
If it is normal developpement then when does the developpement stop? Do I need to wait until 40?

The article doubts even the existence of adhd based on a logical leap that can be described as dubious as best.
If it was about overdignosis I would have agreed with the authors. There could be some truth in there. I was a missed diagnosis and i was a year older. So maybe i appeared ok to the teachers when i was younger. 

Now i know the timelines (and can watch my nephews progress) i can see things like my "clumsyness" and "storytelling" and "extra work in every class because i had finished already" may have been big pointers to a teacher now days. 

But overdiagnosis was not a problem then.  It’d be interesting to know exactly how many of the comments come from people who have ADHD or at least are close to someone who does. Reading the post here is good for no one on this sub’s blood pressure. 🙄

EDIT: reading the COMMENT THREAD is good for nobody’s blood pressure on this sub  Indeed.

Still, this is also one of the reason why I posted it here:
That thread get such a lot of attention with all the upvotes, that it generates a lot of publicity. If it is only the ignorant comments, without our community being aware and having a chance to take part in the comments to somewhat correct the picture that is drawn, who will? Yeah honestly I usually don't get offended by ignorance but I was having a particularly shitty day today since I had to drop a class for my college. Also being the 2nd  youngest kid in my high school class, sorting those comments by controversial just felt like a personal attack. I mean yeah I'm sure my immaturity was partly because of my age, but even then most people in the grade below me were far more mature than me. They just generalize too much and don't realize that each situation is different. I totally get that. I’m an elementary ed student teacher who has ADHD. So it’s like double whammy of an attack 