Technological aides for ADHD, particularly as a university student? I have problems in particular with executive functioning, time management, and procrastination, all of which suck when pursuing an advanced degree which requires research projects. 

I'd like suggestions on technological means of helping me with these problems. Thanks.  Go check out howtoadhd on youtube she has plenty of suggestions ! Are you canadian, and formally diagnosed? There's a technology grant if so! (Maybe an American version of that as well), but you can get things like noise-cancelling headphones, dictaphone programs for writing papers/taking notes, and even a laptop covered if you get it. I think it's  a couple grand. Otherwise, those items I just mentioned are a good place to start. I find technology like apps that are supposed to help organize end up using a lot of my time and I forget to use them after a while, and so I have a few agendas on the go at all times. I say a few because sometimes I get overwhelmed and dont want to look at one, so I start a fresh page in another one and then go back to the overwhelming one once I've ticked off a few things and can pare it down. I also have a whiteboard in the kitchen where I put things that my boyfriend also needs to know about, or I'll forget to tell him! Google calendar has been the only thing I have consistently used, and if you add other people to it then they might input deadlines that you may have missed. I also write down arbitrary due dates before they are due to trick myself into working on things that are particularly daunting.

Does any of that help? Sorry about the rambling I'm also in an advanced degree trying to complete long term research projects, so the following is something I've specifically found helpful for that.

I recently found an app called Productivity Challenge Timer, which is available on both iphones and android phones with a free version.  It lets you set up work sessions where each session you complete adds up and gives you promotions in rank every time you work enough to increase your weekly average by another 25 minutes per day.  (Incidentally, you can also lose ranks if you don't work, which I also find motivational).

You can set up to 4 "jobs" in the free version.  Each job, in mine, is a research topic or subtopic that I need to finish. Then you can either set the work session to a default time for all jobs, or set custom work session lengths for each job.  You can also set break times, short and long ones and number of work sessions completed between longer breaks.

I've found it immensely helpful in my own research projects.  The trouble with research is that it can take a long time to feel like you've actually made progress, and there are many days where you can do all kinds of setup/early work and get incrementally closer, but it doesn't feel like you've "accomplished" much, because there's still this big pile of work to go before you finish a project.  Compounding that is the many chances for a project to hit unexpected snags that set you back and make it feel like you've wasted a bunch of time.

With this work tracker app, though, the thing I especially like is that you gain ranks regardless of how much progress you've actually made, so long as you put in the work.  It helps motivate me to actually get started some days.  Even if my work is frustrating and I hit a bunch of snags or go down the wrong rabbit hole, it's a reminder that I'm still making progress.  Maybe I went down a rabbit hole and didn't get too much forward progress, but if I had never started at all I probably would have gone down that rabbit hole some later day and been at the exact same place, but now I'm there faster and can knock that off my list of things to try. I have been using ATracker to find out if there are patterns in my productivity (for instance: is there a relation between my productivity and the duration of an activity). You have to start and end a task in the app, and when I'm done, I add a note with the productivity during that period (from 0% to 100%). I have not compiled my data yet, but I found that using the app to start an activity helps me get over the threshold to actually start doing it. The motivation behind it is that if I say in the app that I will start working, and I don't, my data will not be accurate.

If I get interesting results, I'll make a post about it (if I remember). +1 on this! For Ontario specifically, you can fill out the form on OSAP under the diability, it's the same one your doctor has to fill out & sign. I did it first year and it was a hassle, but after that you don't have to submit it again. Plus you do also get a disability bursary, I think it's $1-2k.

ETA: op, I see you're in BC, but they likely do have a similar grant in place for you! Perhaps you might be able to check out your financial aid office. hot dam, thank you, I had been looking high and low for an app like this. I dont think I read past the first line, i saw the name which i didnt know and if your posting here I know it must be what I need and it was, already downloaded it. Thanks man. i believe the grant comes from the federal half of student loans so if you're eligible for that it should be the same regardless of province. but even if i'm wrong and the disability grant is provincial it's available here in alberta too so i assume most provinces have something similar. the student disability office at school should be able to help you figure out the forms. No problem :)

Keep in mind that if you want to export the data and process it somewhere outside the app, you have to pay. 