Reading and ADHD I have ALL of these cool books I recently bought that I really would like to read. But one chapter in and my brain just... DISAPPEARS. 

anyone else have problems reading books but really want to? Suggestions?

Tell me I'm not alone 😭😭😭 Try listening to audiobooks on audible, it works great for me, and I can listen and comprehend pretty easily even when my meds have worn off. I don't know i tend to hyperfocus in Novels and fiction I can only read on my iPad. I put the font really big so there's only a few lines on the page. It makes it so if I get distracted I don't lose my place, and the constant page turning keeps me more focused on it. I don't think I have any advice on how to read, but to me the only hurdle is opening the book. I love reading and I read to my interests. (This is unmediated) being medicated makes it even easier for me to read.  Then just read one chapter at a time, it's not a big deal. It's not a golf course, people aren't going to rate you on how many sittings it took to finish the book.

just read what you can, and sometimes you'll find you want to read another chapter and you'll do it, if you can't focus on reading it, put it down for a while, if you want to keep reading then you'll be thinking about it while it's down and pick it up again. Audio books work for me if and only if I'm multi tasking while listening to it. No problem there right you can get really clean and organized and stuff :)

 Yes. It's horrible.

Audiobooks could help. I tend to not being able to focus on audiobooks myself, but recently there was one where I really liked how the guy told the story, so I was able to pay more attention. Thanks everyone for the insight 💟💟💟 Voice Dream Reader App is amazing! It reads your text aloud to you using text-to-speech synthesis.  The word and sentence currently being read aloud is highlighted in different (completely customizable) colors so it's much easier to pay attention to than narrated audiobooks. Also, you can adjust the speech rate in terms of words per minute. I find the voice "Sharon" to be the best. Also, Pac-Man mode is also great for testing how well you are paying attention while reading with ADHD!

It integrates well with Dropbox, Bookshare (for people with print-related disabilities), Pocket, Instapaper, and even has its own internet browser!

Unfortunately, to get Kindle books on there, you have to remove the DRM using Calibre or something else.

The app is available on iPhone/iPad and Android. 15 or so books from the library currently, not counting all of my own books. In usually reading 5+ books at a time. I try to have a wide variety of books on hand to read and then figure out which type I'm in the mood for at the particular moment. Also, I try to get them from the library or the HPB clearance section so that if I get bored and quit, it's no big deal. I second audible. my life greatly improved after I signed up. 

and OP, no, you are not alone. I can't read books for the life of me. but audible helps quite a bit.  > I put the font really big so there's only a few lines on the page.

In the "Google I/O 2013 - Cognitive Science and Design" talk, the speaker says that experiments show that you can be faster with reading longer lines, but a lot of people prefer, and are more comfortable with reading shorter and more narrow lines: 

http://youtu.be/z2exxj4COhU?t=23m29s.

> Line length and readability: speed vs. user experience
> 
> “With that in mind, all the research I’ve found concludes that readers prefer reading content with fewer characters per line (cpl), no matter how they perform objectively in terms of speed.
>  
> Dyson and Kipping (1997) compared a single-column layout with a line length of 100cpl to a 3-column layout with a line length of 30 cpl. 

> They found that while a wide, single column results in faster reading speeds, people prefer reading in multiple narrower columns.

http://samnabi.com/blog/line-length-and-readability-speed-vs-user-experience

You can use a Chrome extension called EasyReader to adjust the width of content (pops out content into a box, and you can drag the sides).

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/easyreader/boamfheepdiallipiieadpmnklbhadhc?hl=en 