Recently diagnosed with ADHD. Here are some strategies that seem to be helping.  

I'm a 40 year old college prof (at a non-profit online university, so I work from home). I've realized I have AHD for about six weeks now, and I got officially diagnosed two or three weeks ago. Not very long ago, to be sure! Yet, armed with this knowledge I've developed some new life strategies that, so far, seem to be working surprisingly well.

I'll describe them both to help explain ADHD to people here doing personal research, and also and in case they might be helpful to others.

(Who am I to explain ADHD--well, let's say I'm describing my experience, and I have ADHD, and I've done a ton of reading over the past month or so. I'm no expert so take this for what it's worth.)

I've always known that some kind of "task list" should be helpful--I so often make commitments then completely forget about them or get repeatedly distracted from them that I end up either not doing them or not doing them well.

But in the past when I've tried to maintain such a list, it backfired. Updating and checking the list became \_yet another\_ activity I had to remember to do, and there were so many opportunities for distraction in that very activity that I just never ended up keeping the routine going.

The key thing here that I wasn't really understanding the importance of was: distraction.

Where there are opportunities for distraction, I will be distracted. Where there is something I know is really important but I'm either not particularly interested in or positively dreading it, not only will I be distracted but my attention will gravitate towards the distraction \_basically against my will\_. I hate to make it sound like I'm helpless. I'm not. There is a lack of discipline here. But this kind of discipline is, I've realized, tons harder for me than would normally be expected. Hence common sense approaches to prioritizing simply don't work for me, because these common sense approaches make assumptions about what's easy and hard that, for me, just ain't so.

So with that key idea in mind, I developed the following routine:

At work, instead of using my calendar or my email to keep track of tasks, I have a physical notepad, with a dedicated pen. I've made sure every kid in the household understands that this notepad and pen are sacred, and must never be moved.

How is this different from using calendar and email? It gets rid of opportunities for distraction. I realized that it was in switching from task to task on my computer, needing to click to different screens, tabs or windows, needing to re-orient myself to where different links and buttons are, etc etc, I get distracted. I realized that it's during these activities that I find myself gravitating towards... things that don't help me get my work done. Especially if, because I've put things off for these reasons before, I'm starting to dread having to finally face up to the task.

With the physical notepad, I have a single, constantly present, always-on listing of the things I've committed to. When I come to a point where I'm thinking "oh shit what am I supposed to do now?" it's a simple glance at the notepad.

It sounds so simple. I'm almost embarrassed it's so simple. But I've been doing this for nearly a month now and the results are frankly incredible.

I have a set of standard activities I have to accomplish every day. They are first on the list for each day. I then write down, each day, the things I did for any reason not complete the previous day (sometimes the reason is good, sometimes the reason is bad, it doesn't matter. I'm keeping track and that is always good.) These get a little notation concerning how many days they've been transferred over from day's list to day's list, just to give me a bead on their urgency. And then throughout the day, any time I say or think "I will do X" I write it down on the sacred notepad using the sacred pen. And it's there, and I don't have to remember and I don't have to search and there are few to zero distraction opportunities involved in recalling the info.

Like I said, the results are incredible. I no longer have The Dread involved in having a constant fear that there's something I've left undone for too long. (I always get positive work reviews and my managerial people like me, don't worry. But behind the scenes I'm a constant ball of messy dread.)

So that's at work. I'm now trying something similar at home. I have a sacred notepad and pen, kept in a leather carrier made to hold notepads and pens, in my pocket. (I got the leather carrier to keep the notepad from devolving into a pile of trash in my pocket and to help keep the pen from leaking.) Each day gets a "committed" column and a "completed" column. When I complete something I committed, I both cross it out and write it in "completed", just kind of to have a record of what I've done really. The ADHD-important part is having things in the committed column.

It's not totally distraction-free, I have to grab it out of my pocket, find the page etc. But it's much better than trying to remember, or using m phone (distraction black hole), or using a whiteboard on the fridge or something (have to walk in there, can't fit as much info, etc.)

I've just been doing this last for a few days but so far so good. I've accomplished much, faster, than I would have in the past. And I don't think the "completed" column is particularly an ADHD-helping thing but on a personal note it does help give me a concrete sense of accomplishment and, for someone who has always felt "I never do anything I'm so lazy I'm such a slob" this helps as a concrete record of improvement on that score.

So those are my ADHD strats. I hope this is informative, either to help see how ADHD works (this can help when you are interacting with people with ADHD) or to give you ideas for strategies that may work for you (ADHD or not).

Also meds. Meds are good. I've only been taking Straterra for about a week so I can't say for sure that it is having an effect. But I think it is. I seem to be able to concentrate on repetitive boring tasks at work more effectively, anyway. Irony is that I almost immediately got bored reading this, I’m seeing my doctor tomorrow to see whether I have ADHD so although I didn’t read this properly, I still picked up a lot of advice despite just skim reading it so whether I have ADHD or not this will help a lot, thank you.  Heh, yeah, writing is one of my "hyperfocus"able areas... 