Music reading problems? ADHD/Processing speed/Dyscalculia- working memory I began college as a music therapy student, nearly failed out the first semester, had a breakdown, and took a medical withdrawal. And here’s why: 

Along with my ADHD diagnosis, I have slow visual processing speed, dyscalculia (basically dyslexia, but with numbers, symbols, etc), and poor working memory. 

I can not read written music. I believe this is due to the dyscalculia, working memory issues, and other adhd symptoms. I have difficulties with:

-differentiating between notes on lines in    sheet music (they all look the same/move around in my head) 

-5-7 seconds later, I figure out the note ‘s identity and rhythm (WAY too long, considering music is written in t i m e) 

-I quickly forget what note I am trying to play. I forget previous notes. I forget the key, the sharps, flats, almost immediately after reading them. 

-I have issues differentiating between letters such as a, b, d (slight dysgraphia). I’ll read the note as “a” and visualize it as “b” or see “b” as “d” - it’s a mess. 

-Tried to memorize the circle of 5ths for 7 years and it has never EVER moved into my long term memory. I can not associate letters with numbers. 

Failing music school and switching majors was heartbreaking; I had all the vocal talent, I just couldn’t learn piano or pass theory. I just wanted to be a music therapist, do what I love, and help people. 

Can anyone give me suggestions on how to read music with these issues? Or some type of alternative? I’m so frustrated with my brain. 

(Ps. If you’re wondering how I even got into the music school in the first place, the sight reading portion of the audition happened to be a song I already knew lolol) 

Thank you guys.  I'm pretty sure I have dyscalculia as well! I'm thinking of paying £35 for the test or however much it is when i get the time/money.  I don't want to sidetrack, but I've not seen dyscalculia come up on here yet. Can I ask, do you have problems with your spacial awareness and getting lost/remembering where places are located? And do you drive a car? I've never learned at 33 because I thought it would just be too impossible. (I've never even attempted to read music but I can't tell the difference between notes when hearing them, i don't know if that's related) This is so funny. I played trombone in middle school and i had to write what the notes were above them on my sheet music. Like A D B B etc. I just couldnt figure out what the note was fast enough without writing them above the note. One day in class my teacher told me i couldnt do that anymore for some reason and he made me erase all the notes i had written. And this was right before a recital. 

So i just pretended to play the whole time lol I facilitate some music “therapy” in a peer support model. 

I have to sight read for choir. I just have ADHD. I lose my sheet music all the time. 

I find the rhythms trickier than most. 

Maybe if you find a way to read the pieces slowly before performances? Or, ask a tutor to go through sight reading with you specifically?

One can be a very effective music therapist without sight reading. Your “patients” are unlikely to present you with sheet music. I am sure you have other gifts.  I was a bigband drummer in highschool. Scales often made for a existential crisis.

I was wondering why all the drummers I met never were afraid of sheet music.
I always demanded to have a look at potential pieces we were going to play before practice sessions. Otherwise I would end up being the bottleneck.

Though, I also struggled with following scales right as they are played but I cant tell if its also because its a rather hard thing to do and takes practice.

I like the dyslexia approach. Sometimes I found myself to be convinced of something wrong and even carrying it to the band director only to then get called out for it.
Very similar to how I sometimes struggle to "comprehend" certain words even after reading them multiple times.

But I cant tell for sure whats going on here as I haven't been tested for dyslexia. First let me say, I had band rehearsal tonight and I had been thinking about how adhd affects how I read music; so this sub is beyond amazing!

I have dyscalcula and a terrible sense of direction. I can read music, but I can't count the measures of rest. i just have to have a played it a few times so i know "when it sounds like I'm supposed to come in" then i see the others about to play so i figure there's like another measure or 2 left.

Also I cannot sight read, and sometimes we get something new then I think, "oh wow, it's THAT song".


 I have the same problem with the notes jumping around the page. Not trying to brag, but I am EXCELLENT at playing by ear. Put sheet music in front of me and it will take me an hour to correctly read all the notes. To the OP:

I think it's a lot easier to learn to read music when you play a wind instrument as a kid, because you learn music theory as you go along. 
the first things are just whole notes and quarter notes, no sharps or flats, in the very easiest octave range. Could you find a beginner's book ? I suppose it could be for any instrument, you could just ignore all the technical aspects.

 I haven’t seen dyscalculia come up on here much either! I have trouble with spacial awareness and remembering where things are directionally, but I do drive a car. It’s funny, because if the GPS says “turn right,” my working memory is so poor that by the time I make it to the turn, I have no idea if she said right or left. Nearly every time. 

But yes- I know with dyscalculia, spacial awareness is a problem. Not just physically like in a car, but mentally. Visualizing numbers and sequences and patterns in my head is next to impossible. 

I think dyscalculia brains have difficulty gaging space in their mind, and it comes out as bumping into things, over and underestimating space, etc. It’s like a mental blindness sort of thing.  