Any advice on reading books? I've always wanted to read books but I just can't get it done.

Whenever I read a sentence it takes ages for me to actually realize what I read if that makes sense.

Hard to explain, but that's what it feels like.

Like, I read it, but I don't actually processes it? 

Also, It's hard to keep reading like that as it becomes very confusing very fast since I don't quite remember previous pages until I put the book away at which point everything comes flushing back.

Is this ADHD related or just something I am dealing with, does it sound familiar to some? If so did you find ways to make it easier?  Holy shit, I get this. Everyone I've mentioned that to just look at me like they have no idea what I mean. Sometimes I have to re-read entire pages because I get to the bottom and realise I've just been watching the words fly past, but have been thinking about completely unrelated things. I don't have a solution really, I just catch myself doing it and make a point to reread it. I find it's worse if I'm reading something quite dry, or reading a part of the book which is less relevant. But it can happen at other points too. It's really annoying. I also start reading books and not finishing them before starting another. I've spent the past 6 months trying to read 5 books simultaneously! It is ADHD related.

It takes practice. But when a book really interests you it is actually fairly easy to hyperfocus. It is not unusual for me to be able to read something I'm really into really quickly, even in a noisy, crowded place. But something that is not interesting to me at all, or is just mildly interesting is a true challenge.

So first thing you should do is to find something that you're really interested in, so it becomes easier to focus or even hyperfocus. Don't try to read things you don't really care about.

You may also want to give yourself permission to not pay attention to the content that doesn't interest you, that is, keep reading instead of going back, even if you can't remember what you just read, because there's a good chance that the reason you weren't able to focus is because the content is boring to you anyway, when interesting content comes up, you'll find it easier to focus. But do this with moderation.

Another important thing is be in the right enviornment for reading. Away from electronics, for instance, and away from people in general. Reading in my house is, for example, very difficult, but reading at a café is way easier. Get device that can play music, your phone even, and put some nice background music, instrumental preferably. Other sounds can be useful too- for example, the sound of rain ([rainymood.com](https://rainymood.com)) or the sound of a tic-tac clock (the repetition helps me focus, it might help you too).

If you are using an electronic device to read, you may want to read along a voice by using text-to-speech programs. The more senses you are using to "draw in" the information, the easier it is to focus.

Yet another thing that might help is to read while you're doing a physical activity, like walking. Doing it outside is genuinely dangerous, although if you can pull it off it is a really nice thing to do: your lack of focus helps you be aware of many things at once, so you avoid obstacles and bumping into people, so your inattention helps, and excercise is good to help you focus. Obviously you have to pick the right place to do so. A public park or along the beach are good places. Don't even think about doing it anywhere near the street or in any zone where you're in danger of being a victim of crime, and I'd also advice against doing it in a forest or anywhere with irregular terrain: don't underestimate the danger of missing a step and breaking an ankle. 

Or do it while you're walking on a treadmill. I love reading. My record so far is 20 books in 3 months while I was unemployed. 

But as others have said it's all about hyperfocus. I have at least 4 series of books I'm halfway thru right now, like literally in the middle of the books, that I just can't get back into. I'm sure I'll get into them again eventually. 

I have read series of books and I wouldn't be able to tell you the main characters name. I might be able to pull together some sort of plotline, but unless you read the books as well, it might just be mumbled garbage to you. Haha. 

I just read them so fast that I don't retain much in my long term memory. I even scan pages for key words and forget to read full sentences. Sometimes I get to the end of the page and I'm Like, hold on, wtf just happened? It's like watching a movie on fast forward. I just get too wrapped up in what's going to happen I don't even process what's happening now. Haha.

My advice would be to maybe start small. Short stories to figure out what kind of genre you like. Then maybe progress to medium length books like 200ish pages. Before you know it you can be like me and read 700+ page books and not remember anything! Haha. I read for the immediate pleasure tho, so I'm never bothered by not remembering much.  Hot tip for textbooks: It's super helpful to have an audio book playing in headphones as you read along. 

I won't make any explicit suggestions on how you should get the audio book along with your textbook - it sounds expensive to buy both but....Arrr matey!


 Audiobooks are easier for me. It's a bit slower than reading, so it sets the pace for me, and I can't skip halve a page by accident. 

They also let me fidget/clean etc when I'm listening to them (grindy parts of videogames are especially perfect) which helps with the focus.

That being said, some books are easier to listen to than others, like I could clean perfectly during *Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy*, but I've started with *The Myth of Sisyphus* by Camus this morning and I'm actually at my computer right now to rewind that because it needs more focus than that.   Holy crap the same thing happens for me. The best way I can read is to try my absolute hardest to not think about other things when i'm reading because if I do, the words I'm reading will just not process in my brain. Also it's good to put your phone and other electronics away from your reach so that you won't think about anything other than what you're reading.  My bookshelf is full of books I've never read. I'm not too bad with technical/scientific books, but fictional books (novels, poetry etc.) are a non-starter for me. I do much better with audiobooks. I always look for the audio book first.  Honestly I think reading is a lot more complex than we sometimes realise. No one retains 100% of what they read, or just reads at a constant pace with no backtracking or re-reading or skimming over less relevant parts. But it's so instinctive for good readers that it can be difficult even for them to really be aware of what they're doing. 

It's really more about deciding what your purpose is. With ADHD it's a lot more difficult to maintain focus and retain the information, but reading is always a flexible skill of extracting information relevant to your interest and purpose. Even if you're reading for enjoyment (I personally find this difficult and do it less often nowadays), there might be stuff you let wash over you and don't try to ensure you've fully internalised every detail. I think personally having ADHD has made me paranoid about not remembering or 'fully experiencing' what I read, and that anxiety often ends up interfering with retention and comprehension.

But I definitely feel you. For me, reading books can also be anxiety-inducing because of how you can't help but be aware of how far you have to go, and how much time and focus and mental effort it will take to get through that, even if it's something you are interested in.

But when I'm looking for some particular information or trying to get a feel for the most important points being made in a piece of writing, I often find myself reading very efficiently without realising it.

So to some extent I think reading (like a lot of other things) with ADHD is partly about coming to terms with what your purposes and expectations are, and whether they're realistic.
 Damn this rings so true about me lately.

I use Moon+ Reader app to (both) read and listen/transcribe the ePub books on my phone and it sure helps.

Here's a play store link.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyersoft.moonreader This has been the biggest change in my life since getting on the medication. 
Physical books are still not as easy as audiobooks for me but yeah. It made me so happy to finally be able to read.  Completely ADHD. This is me 100%  This is most likely your ADHD. I used to experience this all the time before I went on medication. I would have to re-read sections over and over. If it was boring material, it was even worse. 

Now I only experience it when I'm on medication breaks, or if I'm really tired.

If you're not on meds try coffee/caffeine products, although these sometimes backfire and make me energetic without the focus. 

Otherwise, go do something else and come back to it later/another time. I noticed that this symptom changes with the day, and even depending on my energy level. Late at night or after dinner when I'm calm often made me better able to read. What do you mean with "flushing back" after going away? I usually forget what I've read after going away.  wow me too, glad to know I'm not alone. this slowed me down SO much in school and now at work, even on meds :/ Yup exactly this. Quite anoying! I would really like to find solutions here. 

Perhaps we can try:

1. Reading easier books. If you're a student, get easier books to read for leisure to encourage interest in reading. 
2. Reading slower. Time your reading speed. Drop it down by 50wpm or something.
3. Pick up meditation.  Some good advice you got there! Thanks for writing it up! Don't understand the advice to read while walking/exercising. Seems like that's more challenging. No proof on this challenge equating to training induced improvements though?  I usually read non-fiction and don't mind missing details here and there as later details do not necessarily depend on previous ones. However, Fiction is more difficult for me because I don't find the story entertaining if I don't understand what's going on. 

So, along with smaller books, I recommend to the op (u/EternalGenesis) to try non-fiction that interests her/him.  Nice advice! I will try that
Thanks That's actually a really good idea, audio-books! Thanks! Oh yes coffee helps a ton with this like this. But it also makes me agitated sadly. I seen to proces it after I stop reading and connect some (not all) of the dots. Can't say I understand it either. But it works for me. 