(humor) reading the mind of someone with ADHD My boyfriend and I were talking about what would happen if someone read our minds. we joked that if someone tried to read my mind they’d get overwhelmed because it’s like there are five TV’s in my head, all playing different shows 😂 And sometimes in different languages, lolol They’d be like “Now I know what it’s like to be Kanye”  I think my mind is just an empty channel with white noise and jumbled incomplete sentences in the background - sometimes the channel swaps but usually doesn’t stay on a program for long  >_>
Or then it’s the same hypnotic show for five hours straight. I think mine is like someone holding down the next channel button :p The funny thing is when you date someone else with ADHD, it's kind of like you can read each other's minds.  It's a very comforting thing for me.  An ex boyfriend once told me “Your train of thought is one of those maglev bullet trains - it doesn’t stop at every station.”

He understood me so well. 5? To funny!  So true... Would pass out from exhaustion!  or playing the same show, at different parts of the show, with the same character speaking. I swear that's what it's like in my head... a really badly tuned radio playing the same song but different verses at the same time! I also have my own personal language, a silly one I use when I feel the need to be amused  I know Swedish and parts of Russian and Finnish. your comment is funny and hurts me so much at the same time lol Yes! There are certain thoughts I only have in different languages and if I am asked about it, I have a lot of difficulty finding the right words in the right language.  This is probably the best description I've ever read That’s interesting. My boyfriend doesn’t have adhd.  How does your relationship function? I have a crush on someone with ADHD too, but I’m not sure if we would make for a healthy dynamic.  I like that, I only feel like there are too many voices going in my head when there is legitimately too much stimulus like at party's and bars. Most of the time it's more like being on a bike that is right on the edge of a curb, you know you need to pull in but doing that causes a slight twitch of the tire in the other direction (cuz physics) so you just hang on and stay as straight as you can but can't stop or turn or actually go where you want to. That’s just the random number I chose.  Reading this makes me feel a lot better about just generally being me.  Well... healthy? I wouldn't go that far.  What I get out of it is incredible, intelligent, quick-witted conversation that I simply *cannot* get anywhere else.  It's like walking around in China and running into another American.   Seemed low, that's all. :) Do you always choose the same "random" number? My "random" number is 87 :D Haha Yeah I do 😂 I can’t estimate time either so when someone asks me how long something took me I have set numbers. 3 minutes if it was a short amount of time, 7 if it was slightly longer, then I go to 13, 23, and so on. I pick random odd numbers so people can’t tell I don’t actually know what I’m talking about  Ugh, I am the worst at estimating time! I'm terrible at estimating how long something will or has taken me to do, but have a weird ability to be freakishly correct about the time of day when asked.  