Books Does anyone here have a love for books? I have the hardest time finishing one. Just wondering if I'm alone here, and if I'll ever love to read again after quitting my medication.  [deleted] I’ve only ever completed one book in 23 years. It was an autobiography and I really liked the guy growing up. Love audible and second that.

Also, weird habit that may or may not resonate, but I read 4-5 books at once on kindle and limit myself to one of each “type”. So I have a fiction book, self-improvement book, nonfiction history, and classic at all times.

That way I can have reading time but pick my mood vs. feeling like I have to finish “my book” at any point. I like reading books with the read aloud function on the Google books app (on android phones). It highlights a couple sentences at a time and reads out loud while I read along with it. For some reason, this makes it much easier for me to focus on the book and follow along than either just listening to a book or just trying to read it by myself. 

I think most e readers or phones have a similar app. I also use the @Voice Aloud reader app for pdf's I have to read for school. I used to. I used to read a lot as a kid but it has become harder as an adult. I find I have to reread paragraphs multiple times to get it into my head. I also have in the past tended to start books and then never pick them up again and finish them. I have been reading comics though recently and that's been great as it's a lot easier to read and I've been enjoying reading fiction again. Reading for study is an issue too (and is harder off meds than on) but not as bad because I take notes etc which I don't do with fiction and taking notes and alternating between reading and doing practical work with the subject etc makes it easier to take in than just reading a heap of text. I am a little more than a week into medication atm though and unfortunately starting yesterday I now have a cold and it appears to not be working while I'm sick but I haven't yet tried reading something like a novel on medication so idk how that compares to off meds yet. Even with the notetaking etc reading non fiction study stuff is easier on meds so I guess fiction might be too. Reading comics both on and off meds has honestly been great though and I'm loving reading fiction again in a way I find easier.  I would personally suggest comics as something to consider.   Librivox for older Public Domain Books is a free version of Audible.   I read. Everyday alot. It's my gaming i think. (3hr a day average)

I rarely remember the books but it keeps me calm and not hectic. I used to get really worried about not being able to sleep without reading, now i just let myself read till i pass out. Having kindle app was a game changer and when screens got big enough too.  I love books so I can hyperfocus on them, which makes it pretty easy. I do find it hard to start a book though, and when I start, I obviously have trouble eating/drinking/handling basic needs until I finish, because of the single-minded concentration. For me, the thing that used to help me read constantly was having a very long subway commute to work. There was good background noise that kept me occupied and allowed me to concentrate. Best of all, it was a time that I planned to read, so the structure helped me actually do it. By the way, I'm not saying I don't re-read paragraphs or sometimes get lost in thoughts about something else while reading. Some days are better than others. So if it's really a bad reading day, just let it go and try another day. I actually find it harder to finish audiobooks. I tend to lose interest in the book long before it's finished because of how long it takes to listen to one. I think I might feel differently about it if I had a long driving commute, though.  I used this in high school and loved it, I might consider doing it again.  Been thinking about getting a subscription.I love books and used to devour them as a kid but now can’t even focus with medication. I just discovered 1.5 x speed on audible. So there's that.  Thank you!  I have a fear of zoning out and missing something important with Audible. I just rewind it if I missed something.  