Philosophy and coping with ADHD Hi, 

I’m wondering if anyone has read or studied any philosophy (specific books or general ideas) that has helped them cope with their ADHD. 

Some background: I was diagnosed and began treatment for ADHD a year and a half ago. It’s improved my life immensely and helped me get through grad school despite the rest of my life imploding at that time.

In school I found myself suddenly interested in (and capable of) work in research and social science. I experienced so much growth and pride in my work and capabilities. I felt like I was really impressing the shit out of those around me and that brought me great pride. 

Now that I am transitioning from student and intern to contractor (and hopefully to employee v soon), I’m finding that all of the confidence in myself, motivation, drive and even sense of meaning in my work is disappearing. I constantly feel like I am fucking up, becoming disorganized and wearing on the patience of my colleagues even though that may or may not be true. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

While I have some things to work on in therapy, no doubt (techniques to cope with social anxiety, intrusive thoughts, insecurity) I’m also looking for meaning in all of this. 

Any suggestions, thoughts or discussion would be immensely helpful. Thank you.  Have a look at the stoics. Seneca, Marcus Aurelius etc.  Read Mediatations by Marcus Aurelius (it's shortish) and look into stoicism. Hasn't worked for me yet but I can see how it could I'm currently dealing with the "whole shebang". Dx'd 3 months ago. It feels like every other day, something I do or love gets written off as an ADHD symptom. Doing a bit of "self discovery" here approaching my mid-30s.  I don’t know if I have an answer for you, but if it’s relevant, I’m a philosophy PhD with ADHD. I think though I needed medication to get through my PhD as an institution, I think the condition makes me better at it, at least in the creative big picture part.  The Four Agreements by Don Miguel Ruiz changed my life. Audio books ftw! The first chapter is a little weird so don't let it throw you off. Honestly, there is no meaning in having ADHD. You have ADHD just due to the circumstances of your birth. It's the genetic lottery. All you can do is live with it the best you can and give your life meaning yourself. Going down this road, looking for meaning where there is none, you run the risk of running into nutjobs like the people who believe people with ADHD are indigo children and other asinine shit and buying into it. Thanks, I've only looked into stoicism briefly in the past and found it helpful then. I'll dig in a little deeper this time.  Yeah, identity is a hell of a thing. I was also dx'd in post college adulthood. It's amazing how much you begin to second guess or reinterpret your experiences.  I was unclear. 

I’m not looking to philosophy for *why* I have ADHD. That’s more of a science question (or a religious one perhaps).

I am looking for how one might cope on a philosophical level with the challenges of ADHD, and finding meaning and usefulness in life with the disorder. For example, reading about stoicism was really helpful to me when dealing with death and grief in my family. 

Philosophy is sometimes used in therapy, even. Just wondering if anyone has experience with it.  [removed] What I said still applies, IMO. There is no inherent meaning in life, except what you make of it. Ultimately that's something you have to find for yourself. Figure out what you want to accomplish, what legacy you want to leave behind when you die, and work towards that. That's what I'd tell anybody, ADHD or not. ADHD is not a superpower. Don't spread this garbage. For me lately it's been trying to detangle 33 years of me from the symptoms of the disorder. Like do I really like video games? Or is it just because of the dopamine rush it gives people? Am I actually unreliable, or is that just a symptom of ADHD? And so on.

It just feels like I've coasted through life making decisions that fit nicely into my comfort zone as far as what's acceptable for ADHD and just the whole implications of that is weighing down my psyche.  [removed] ADHD does *not* give you any special abilities or make you uniquely creative or talented or special in any way. This topic is not open to debate or argument. Thanks.

I respect that. 