I have Auditory Processing Disorder and ADD and I have questions. Disclaimer: it’s all over the place because I keep forgetting what I wanna ask.

After years of misheard lyrics and mishearing conversations, I realised I’m not going deaf. I self-diagnosed APD but I’m pretty certain it is. 

Having ADD is hard in school and at work and having APD just makes me feel lesser than my peers. 

I’m also light and sound sensitive. So in an environment that is too dark and noisy, I find it hard to work. 

Is it common for ppl on ADHD spectrum to have APD? 

 This is a thing?! I cannot understand people for shit! I never understand song lyrics. How do you get tested for this. sensory issues in general are common in people with ADHD and ASD too.    The two can often overlap yes. I had a teacher with ADHD and APD.  Could this be what my sounds issues are, and I don't actually have Misophonia? I am VERY distracted by most noises that aren't a constant hum like a fan or something. Usually any voices or man made sounds. I've gotten to the point where the sounds make me furious and I spend all day with headphones on.

Could it all just be in my head, and I just don't like people, and any time I hear them I'm angry?

I DO definitely have trouble hearing multiple conversations, and mishear conversations, almost like a verbal dyslexia. I also have a lot of ADD/ADHD symptoms. I haven't heard of it until now but thanks for bringing it to my attention! I'm sensitive to sounds as well although I'm okay with understanding conversations and lyrics. Gonna look more into it. Are there any treatments for this? I got diagnosed with APD first as a kid and then with ADHD nearly 2 decades later after uni.
From what I've read there is definitely some co morbidity for the two disorders. Thank you for this! I didn’t know this was a thing but I’m going to look into it now. As I get older I have trouble differentiating sounds especially on tv, I have to turn on subtitles or I don’t understand things. I also use audiobooks on low as a noise filter to focus my brain for non-important sounds in my office. I get overwhelmed by the radio because of the constant changes in the sounds and it drives me up the wall. Wow this is an amazing realization.  I have been diagnosed with both APD and ADD, and the audiologist I went to had two suggestions: 1) Hearing aids- the more clearly you hear something, the less static the brain has to process out of what you’re trying to focus on.  However, they were expensive and my insurance didn’t cover them, and I didn’t feel like they helped enough to be worth it based on the demo.  2) reading while listening to audiobooks.  I get hard copies of books and have an Audible.com membership (Kindle works too, and on a tablet or phone you can sync up the two apps to highlight the ebook as the audio goes).  Seeing the word as you hear it helps sync everything up a little better for your brain and trains auditory processing.  It has helped me with day to day conversations quite a bit and reading is a lot more fun now since my comprehension is about 300% better.

Ed- confusing wording I haven't been diagnoised with APD, but I have with ADHD.  I have trouble hearing as well. I have to use the subtitles when I watch tv or I can't understand a word they're saying. Maybe the subtitles help me pay attention better to what they are saying and in turn I feel like I'm actually getting the plot instead of having the rewatch a scene 50 times to understand it.  I have never been able to understand song lyrics without looking up the lyrics online and I always have subtitles on when watching tv/movies.... White noise (running water, fans, etc.) wrecks my ability to understand speech.

And parties with massive overlapping speech from many people are impossible for me to make anything intelligible. I’m pretty sensitive to multiple voices and speaking volume, but I don’t mind loud music or one person talking, so I never looked into APD. Does it effect your ability to learn and practice new languages?  When I was in the Army this caused me a lot of trouble since I always misheard the orders lol I’ve wondered before if my auditory processing issues are related to ADHD. Phone calls have always stressed me out, I rely heavily on non verbal cues and reading lips in face to face conversations. I have the hardest time processing info over the phone, which sucks because I’m a secretary. I piss people off a lot when they tell me their phone number or address and I repeat it back completely wrong haha I was diagnosed with APD as a child and have been diagnosed ADD twice in my life. Every day I experience “mishearing” and sometimes my ears will randomly “tune out” and I experience this sort of static, ringing noise for a few seconds. Have you experienced this, or am I alone?

I can definitely relate to feeling less than your peers. The amount of times people have made fun of me right in front of my face without me realizing it... but I’ve learned to own it. Have a sense of humor about it. Light self deprecation is your friend here. Because for this fault, there’s something extraordinary about you that compensates.  Like others, I didn't even know this was a thing. And I don't know if this is the same, but my comprehension goes to shit whenever a person has an accent. Like, I'm a native English speaker, but if I'm watching a movie and a person with a British accent starts speaking, my understanding drops to probably 50%. And with a show like Sherlock where it's really fast-paced, it's more like 20%. Fast-paced anything with a lot going on in it affects my comprehension anyway no matter what, but British accents especially for some reason are really hard for me. I have to use context clues and have to ask people what they said, and I often miss very large plot points and have to rewatch things several times to get what's going on because dialogue isn't really a big help. Depending how much other stuff is going on in the environment, it happens in person too. I've been reading up on it a lot lately; planning to see someone about it when I can, but have too much on my plate right now to think about it. 

But, I can confirm that I have ADHD (inattentive type) and I've had a few different problems hearing things the way other people hear them. 

* I've always had a hard time with song lyrics. (There are songs I can sing along to by making some of the same sounds, but they're gibberish words.) It took me a long time to realize I actually hear less than other people; I always assumed they were kind of nebulous. 
* When I'm listening to one voice and someone else starts talking at the same time, I can't listen to either voice. It's like my brain turns to static noise. This happens when I'm listening to the radio/television and my husband starts talking, and it happens when I'm in a work meeting on a conference call and someone in the room tries saying something directly to me. 
* I've also noticed myself, more recently, getting physically uncomfortable when something is louder than I would like, even if it's not absurdly loud. Someone talking louder than I think is necessary, etc. 

So, I don't know if that's technically APD, and I haven't been diagnosed; but there are some data points for you.  Loud and sudden loud noises really mess with me. For example, at work when we have our meetings in the morning, there’s a train that passes very closely to our lot.  I’m always the only one who nearly jumps out of their socks and covers their ears. I can’t understand why it’s tolerable to everyone else in the group!  Also the hand dryer in the bathroom at the gym I go to is one of those super high power ones. The motor itself is loud, and then putting my hands under it is nearly unbearable for me. 

 I'm fairly positive I have some form of APD. All those misheard song lyrics, misheard conversations, captions on almost everything I watch, and phone calls that I never answer because most people talk too damn quiet or too loud for me to understand. 

I sincerely wish there was a cure for this. People think we have "selective hearing" or just plain rude. It really dampers your relationship with people.  Me tooooooo! I'll return later. I have this probably! I always attributed it to growing up bilingual... infrequently I hear gibberish for the first few seconds when someone speaks and I have to manually adjust to hear it in the other language, which suddenly resolves into intelligible words. It's a "mode of listening" that I sometimes struggle to switch over to, even with newer languages I've learned since childhood. The same thing applies to different dialects of my main language. I've always felt misheard lyrics in my case were due to differences in pronunciation that I didn't hear in my day-to-day life. Heyy, so having a deficit in Auditory Processing is typically diagnosed through a cognitive assessment by a psychologist or speech and language pathologist. 

There are specific tasks they would get you to do that are related to your ability to interpret/manipulate speech sounds. For example, remembering a series of numbers and repeating them backwards.. or listening to a word and repeating it back, but changing a phoneme in the middle. 

It’s pretty common for a person with ADHD to have comorbid conditions, like a weakness in auditory processing. In terms of school supports, what level of education are you in? 

If you’re in grade school, you should be able to get an IEP (which is a legal document that mandates all your teachers to accommodate their instruction to your needs). In your IEP meeting you can advocate to get supports such as a copy of lecture notes before class, or to sit close to the instructor. 

If you’re in post-secondary, you have to register with your institution’s student disability centre. You can advocate for those same accommodations through your advisor at the centre.  Yes, phone calls used to stress me out a lot! Then I started to tell people “sorry your line is muffled, I can’t hear that well.” to justify all my “huhs” and “can you repeat?”.

That said, you must be really good at reading non-verbal cues and body language! I have ADHD and misophona (and not the kind limited to mouth/eating noises, either). My issues are definitely related.  Since it seems to be related to ADHD, has medication influence on ADD ?  I have similar experiences as you. In fact, I get made fun of at work for not being able to multi-task (really just multiple ppl talking at the same time while I’m sorting things out 🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️). 

But I always thought it’s psychological (because if only I experience it and others don’t, it must be in my head).

Not sure sound sensitivity has anything to ADP or they’re 2 different things though! What physical discomfort do you experience? I always suspected something but couldn’t put a finger to it. 

I’m from asia... and watching us and uk shows were a big challenge for me even till now! I rely a lot of subtitles. 

And songs.... I would look them up online, and memorise them.  I got tested by an audiologist, I don't remember the specifics since I was younger but they do a few tests. Sounds chaotic. I wonder how your teacher get through the paperwork and noisy kids. 

But high 5 with your teacher! Yes it’s like verbal dyslexia! Fellow ADHDers mention that comorbidity of ADHD and APD is common and a lot of my experiences make sense from then on. 

I wear headphones without any music on to mute the noise. Because ppl talking on public transport makes me very angry. There’s enough uncomfortable noises... their voices invades my thoughts and I hate it. 

 I have misophonia too! But haven't really considered if it could be a part of APD, hm. I read in my local sites and there’s counselling sessions to look into management methods, but it’s more directed to kids. 

The gist of it is to get familiar to how different words sound like in different environment. 

It’s hard for me, I often have to make my friends and colleagues repeat themselves.  I see. Are you sensitive to sound then? Don’t mention it! 
I actually discovered it 2 years ago from another Reddit thread. I was getting really frustrated since:

1) I still hear well. I even scored distinction in my listening exams in O Levels.
2) How is no one able to explain my hearing experiences? 

As I learn a lot more about ADHD, I realised all the daily quirks and discomforts I experience are part of the comorbidities. 

WE ARE NOT MAD. We just need subtitiles, and sometimes, 1 people to speak at a time in a room without echo.  SAME. I could watch the same show and could still miss out the conversations. 

Not everyone knows the importance of a good subtitile font size, too.  I have both as well and actually find learning new languages easy! My theory is that your brain has to focus on these “new sounds” so they actually hear them better. 

Fun fact for you: To help with my hearing issues I followed the Tomatis method and one of the things they recommend is listening to / watching foreign movies. 

So have no fear! You’ll likely kick ass at learning a new language or six. 😊 I’m just glad I don’t have to serve in army.

That said I can imagine orders and insults get mixed up a lot... 

“ARE YOU AN IDIOT? KNOCK IT DOWN, RECRUIT!”

“Sir, did you say “are you amphibian?” And knock what town?”

 Yes. When I was younger the static, ringing noise drives me up the wall. But since I’m ADD and freaking out is usually being seen as misbehaving, I learnt to sit in my own echo chamber calmly. 

It sure helped me to practise my calm and rbf a lot, despite gg nuts from all the noises. 

Yeah, being made fun in my face happens a lot, but my rbf makes ppl think twice about my reaction. I guess it works both ways - I don’t get the joke, you don’t know if I’m offended. Hahaha Yeah... the “selective hearing” part is so relatable. I try so hard in every meeting to focus on everyone but it just becomes static. 

And we can’t expect everyone to understand APD is real.  I DO THAT ON THE PHONE TOO!!! Dude, I'm from the u.s. and i still use subtitles a ton Yeah, I’m not sure it’s the same. Just looking at as many possibilities as I can. Going to see my primary doctor this weekend. Yeah I get easily overwhelmed with loud or lots of different sounds and usually need to leave the environment for a while.
Using the phone can be a struggle too especially when there's static or background noise.

But otherwise since I got diagnosed so early I was able to get treatment and its not as severe as it used to be, my ADHD affects me more. It’s amazing the more learn about ADHD and how it affects everyone so differently. It’s amazing to learn that there’s reason for what I thought was just my crazy idiosyncratic weirdness, which it still is but now I know why.  Family hates subtitles, though. I usually win because they hate me asking, "what did they say" or "what's going on" every 5 seconds more than the subtitles. Thank you for sharing! I’ll check out the Tomatis method!

I’m billingual and I figured the best way to learn was through writing out. When I tag the visual (words) to audio (pronounciation), it helps. 

This worked for me when I studied Mandarin Chinese and Japanese. 
 Part of the reason culinaryschool is only a pipedream. I wouldn't be able to understand or remember a single order shouted back to me haha.

I'm actually curious if there are any ADHD chefs on here. Great that you learned to cope as a kid! I’m way too jovial to have a resting dick face, I see the humor in most things. Stand up comedy has been a great avenue for me to express my weird ADD thought process. Although it gets funny when I get heckled and my APD kicks in, I just say “Sorry I don’t understand drunk!” And move on.  Right... I’m not alone in this. 

I am thankful for Youtube’s subpar subtitles. At least I’m getting feed on the info. Even Youtube mishears the words.  
 I get annoyed when things don't have subtitles. Sometimes you can't hear what the person is saying!  Ah! It’s awesome that you’re witty and jovial! I want to grow up like you! 

Well I grew up friendly but my sense of humour is a tad too snarky and dry, the default rbf makes whatever I say sandpaperish. 

In the end I overthink if someone gets offended by me. Most of the time I just get stuck in my awkward mode of being like a car you can’t start: enthusiastic but dead.  I think a lot of comedians deal with the same kinds of issues as us ADD folk do. Idk if you like watching stand up, but some of their viewpoints and stories can be inspiring. Bill Burr is one who makes fun of himself a lot, one of my favs.

What got me into it was writing. One day all my issues piled up in my head and caused an existential crisis, so I just got to writing my heart out in a journal. Before I knew it I was writing jokes, and I somehow found the confidence to say them on stage. 

Writing honestly from the heart sets you free, whether you’re trying to be funny or not. No matter what one is going through, it helps to just write. Sorry to get preachy lol I came back to tell you that I enjoyed writing a lot as a teenager. It helped me to cope with my depression and make sense of my emotions.

Now as a (slightly better functioning) adult, I wish I could translate humour into my writing! It’s hard though. 

So kudos to all the comics out there! You’re great! 