I have two kinds of inattentiveness when doing reading for school? Anyone relate? 1. The first kind is when I am literally unable to process the words at all. No matter how many times I scan the words, my mind drifts off and I have no idea what I have read. 

2. The second kind is when I process everything but it's a bit TOO interesting and my mind starts going off on a wild tangents as a result. Kind of like the mental equivalent of going down a Youtube hole -- I'll consider the reading's thesis or point, and think "Hmm, that reminds me of _____" and away I go. Then I realize that it's taken me like 1.5 hours to read ten pages, and it's been an interesting 1.5 hours and I understand everything I've read, but it's incredibly frustrating nonetheless.

I feel that my current medication (Concerta) got rid of #1 but not #2. I was able to read and process everything clearly right away. But it still took me a ridiculous amount of time to finish because I was still going on mental flights on every other page. 

Can ADHD medication address the second kind???? I was recently diagnosed, so I don't exactly know what to expect. Audiobooks. You can get most for free. Using the app Overdrive (I’m not sure if there is an android version) you can get a E-Audio book from your public library. There are also other options such as Audible and you get your first book for free. (Jesus I sound like and audible ad) 

The main reason I love audible books is because you can adjust the speed. I can’t focus on books to save my life but with audio books I just bump up the speed to 3X and I am forced to pay attention and listen. 

I wouldn’t recommend starting with 3X speed I worked my way up and when someone showed me a book at 3X I thought it was insane but as I slowly worked my way up the scale I found out I was paying attention to the book and started to enjoy them. 

I also listen to my books while walking or swinging in a tree so the fidget helps me focus more. 

If you have any questions hit me up.  



 I can't listen to audiobooks to save my life, sorry. Also wouldn't address the problem that my mind wanders even when I find what I'm reading interesting. I live in the city and do not have any trees to swing in. 

My actual question was whether anyone found medication that managed to address #2.  