Do you hyper-focus more or less on medication? I’ve been wondering what other people with ADHD experience when it comes to hyper-focus. For one, of those of you that experience hyper-focus do you have ADHD hyperactive type, inattentive type, or combine type? Also, what does hyper-focus usually consist of for you? Finally, when you take meds (if you take them) do you find yourself hyper-focusing more or less.
For me, I have ADHD inattentive type. When I hyper-focus I just lock into whatever task I’m doing (regardless of whether it’a something I was actually trying to focus on, or something my brain decided I needed to abandon all other tasks and focus on) and the rest of the world becomes invisible to me. Also time tends to pass very quickly when I’m in hyper-focus. Also, I’ve noticed that I hyper-focus more on meds then I do without them, but this isn’t always a good thing.
What are your experiences? Combined type here. When I hyper-focus it's usually with new things, like learning new skills or starting a new job for example. In hyper-focus I don't know what happens around me and I don't hear people talking, or even when they speak to me. On medication (Methylphenidate) it feels like I am in hyper-focus way more often, also with average tasks at work, and that is great because otherwise I can hardly get any work done. But it's a different kind of hyper-focus, because I notice distractions better. So for example, when people are talking nearby it bothers me more and I put my headphones on to stay in focus. Whilst not on medication I don't even know I'm distracted by people talking because I'm distracted all the time, I guess.

I wonder. When and why is more hyper-focus not a good thing for you? More, but sometimes I hyper-focuses on things that are completely useless as discussing politics on the internet or reading a book that I should read just to distract myself in my spare time.  I feel like I hyperfocus like before, and some times on heavier stuff than earlier. Also for longer.

The big difference is that it feels more voluntary to me. It removes the tunnel vision aspect of it.  I'm inattentive type. I'm glad you posted this, I was actually wondering the same thing.. I find myself hyperfocusing more on meds.. and not on the things that I should be doing. 

For example, this might sound dumb, but I'll hyperfocus when I'm getting ready to leave the house. That's always been a hyper-focus issue of mine, even before meds. But I thought that I would be faster at getting ready and be more efficiently out the door. 

Unfortunately, that hasn't subsided at all.. I'm hyperfocusing and often late because I take so long getting ready. I'm also hyperfocusing on tasks that are unrelated to my work, i.e., I've been at the library to finish some work since 1:30pm.. this is a solid 2 hours into my reddit spiral.... 

How do you get yourself out of a hyperfocus state? I find that even if I try, I'm just so locked into what I'm doing that I don't care about the consequences.  On meds I seem to hyperfocus less but when I do I lose all track of time and hours can go by before I'll notice how long it's been and unfortunately it's usually on the things I shouldn't be doing lol That’s a good tip, maybe physically moving away will help.. Its almost like hyperfocusing is the only time I’m ever goal-oriented to the point where I must achieve my goal  :/ When Im on Vyvanse, I cant even listen a classic music that I used to listen while studying, because any sound annoys me Same here - when I get into the zone with my work, I get really irritated by any outside noises. I've started working with those foam earplugs and it's been a godsend. It's like I'm in a vacuum and there are no sounds anywhere to distract me.  I struggle a lot with getting out of it too. The other day I decided I was “just going to glance” at the requirement for a minor I’m considering and then get working on the 12 page paper I have to submit this week. Two hours later I was planning what courses I was going to take for the next five semesters. The worst part was in the back on my mind the whole time I was like “you don’t really need to do this now, you should work on that paper” but I was locked in and I just couldn’t stop until I was done.
I have had success in getting out of hyper-focus before. For me physically walking away from what I am stuck on helps a lot. Even if it just means getting up, going to the bathroom and then coming back. That small stop allows me to redirect my attention to where it needs to be.  That's interesting, so probably a side effect of all stimulants then. Didn't know other people noticed this too. I bought noise cancelling headphones lately. One of the best investments ever. Especially because I go to work by train. Get this in a way too. I used to love listening to audiobooks or podcasts while doing things like driving and other mindless activities. Now it feels a little more like a distraction. I still listen to stuff while driving, but it's not completely the same.

It can in many cases be positive, but in some cases I feel like I miss the love of multitasking with audio+mindless activity.

But I'm often able to do it, so it's something that varies from day to day.  