[Reminder] It's OK to leave early! Is it 10 minutes before you are *supposed* to leave? Stop reading this post and GO. I often find myself doing this:
> *"Hey, I'm ready 15 minutes early today, I wonder what Reddit is up t- HOLY SHIT IM LATE"*

Remember guys, it's okay to leave early, go to bed early, do something before it's time to do so. We all struggle with this. Think of this sub when you have some extra time and remember that it's okay to be early.

Spend that extra 15 minutes on Reddit when you are *in the parking lot*. At that point, you know you'll be on time.  >early

You just made that word up, didn't you? [deleted] I love doing this.

I am so good at doing things for others to be thoughtful, and decided to try being thoughtful to "Future me" as if she's another person.

Now, when I think to myself "Oh, I can do that later, lots of time!" and I ask myself "would future me LOVE if I did this early so come later she doesn't have to do it?" and "Would I do that if it was for someone else?"

 This is SO me. I've been doubting I have ADHD but even when I'm early I'm always late. Which reminds me. I need to leave now lol  Yep. My motto is: I am either early or I am LATE. :( "On time" doesn't exist for me.  > Spend that extra 15 minutes on Reddit when you are in the parking lot. At that point, you know you'll be on time.

Not if you fall asleep in the parking lot... Protip: Leave way early (like that moment when you say "k I should leave soon but nah") but take something with you. Do it while you "wait"! This should be a sticky Tell that to my boss. She insists I stay till the end of my shift... I think about this everyday and I’m still late to work every god damn day I needed this earlier today. Too bad my go to was a longer shower instead of Reddit, I might not have missed my appointment! YESSS!!! I leave 15 mins early to school/work just "in case there's traffic or I can't find parking." I typically get there with 10 minutes left to spare so I spend 5 minutes on my phone in my car. Then walk into class or work a few minutes early. You never know people... It's best to think of those "what ifs." :D Haha I need to be better about this.  Even when I get ready quickly in the morning and could leave for work earlier, I end up looking at my phone until I'm late. I've noticed there's two types of ADHD people. Those that are constantly late, and those that are so anxious about being late that they don't feel comfortable unless they're thirty minutes early. Hahaha. What’s this early you speak of?  If I can do it, you guys can. Had a summer job. Required me to be there by 8:30 AM (M-F). Not one day did I show up late. Just SLEEP EARLY Hahahaha! Yes. This ... so often. Excellent reminder.  Great post thank you. Also everyone wear a watch! Just got back into the habit and it’s immensely helpful. I learned this lesson and have taken it on board, but it now causes me anxiety around being late, so I inevitably get everywhere 10 minutes early and have to hang around waiting but pretending like I haven't been waiting. (I walk for transport, so it's a bit more awkward than just sitting in a car!) 
 Needed to hear this!! Lol haHAA Bwahahaha!!!! 

That was friggin hilarious, u/speedgeek! If I had gold, you'd have it.  If anyone ever thinks they have ADHD, this is one of the very first things I ask. Too often people assume ADHD is about being inattentive and constantly distracted, but that's just scratching the surface of it. 

Difficulty stopping and starting is a large part ADHD, and is why we require pressure of deadlines to get things done. I'm typically like "meh future me can deal with it better than present me" and never seem to realize that future me becomes present me with the same capabilities... That's the moment that I usually decide that my plants need watering, oh but I should repot this one... Then I go to the basement to find a bag of soil... Repot 3 plants... Decide to bring a bag of soil to work and some rosemary clippings wrapped in wet paper towel in a Ziploc bag to work... Oh! I need to pack my lunch! Pack my lunch... At lunch time discover lunch was being provided but I didn't know because I only read the first sentence of a two sentence email... So that just happened today 😂 I think you have it backwards ;D this was about the ADHD trait of being late to everything, not leaving early from work  > SLEEP EARLY

*tries to not laugh hysterically*

I'm so glad I'm on a Swing shift now. Work 2:30 - 11 pm, and I still stay up until at least 2am.  Trying to settle into routine of sleeping at 2 am until 10am to get myself enough sleep. 

I *hate* going to bed. I fight to get myself to do it... and fall asleep almost instantly once I do settle into bed.  I read somewhere that it also has to do with being too optimistic about what we can do in the amount of time we have. Thank you for these reminders today. Or with less capabilities because time makes us tired And I think you didn't get my obvious joke. ;) [deleted] Yeah, I usually think I can get ready in 0 minutes flat. Need to be somewhere at 10, and takes 15 minutes to get there? Wake up at 9:45.

I recently did an exercise where I used a stopwatch to time every step of my getting-ready process. I was shocked at how long everything took. 3 minutes to put on my shoes, etc. I’m not sure if it will help but was quite illuminating. OMG this whole thread is my life lol!! I'm newly diagnosed (at 36) and my Mom was always strictly adherant to schedules and was early for everything (except when I made her late, which was often)...it caused a lot of conflict...she also doesn't "believe" in ADHD (and she was a High School guidance counsellor <eyeroll>) I always forget to account for travel time lol 