I wish I could afford a personal assistant for everyday life. Imagine someone watching out for your every move. Imaginr all the things or names you'd remember. Imagine a little voice giving you your 20 min, 10 min, 5 min, and 2 minutes of warnings to leave to be on time. Imagine a slight hand on your shoulder to save you from interrupting. 

Just laying in bed postponing sleep by reddit and daydreaming.

 I always wish there was like an anti-adhd neurological condition, and we could just form a symbiosis with another person.  [deleted] This is what the prefrontal cortex does in neurotypicals. Its litterally a little voice that compells them to be on time because its important.

With ADHD theres a little voice too but we cant "feel" how important the things its saying are, we dont "trust" this voice. This is why I am convinced that all CEO's are ADHD, because they all have personal assistants.  Siri! I would love this too! It would everything so much more manageable.  I kinda wish that Megaman’s “Netnavi” were a real; not so much to battle viruses and such, but to have a companion AI that’s not just managing your agenda, but also motivates you to do stuff. I wish I had someone to help me take care of the things I put off or forget to do so I could get rid of the overwhelming anxiety of what I’ve left undone that constantly hangs over me.  Life would be so much easier! I’d use it to actually do stuff though, with a bit of hand holding and constant outside input that I could trust, life would be great I think, or at least a lot better :) I actually think this is exactly what I need. I’ve been trying to come up with ways where I could afford one just to get stuff done. So frustrating. I often think I need a personal assistant. As seen in films, a guy that follows you around that you can give orders to check something, find something out, do some task. 

It is only for the pathetically wealthy. That is $100.000.000,- and up :-)

But what a relief. Then again, if you are that rich, you have a personal cook, trainer, cleaner, hitman, concubine and last but not least, ____

You fill it in.


 My personal assistant wouldn't be giving me reminders to leave on time, they would have prepared my clothes, food , items i need for appt and then reminded me that once I'm ready I'll get a massage until it's time to leave. 

They could clean, cook, tidy, ensure i eat healthy snacks all day. 

Omg I would be so amazing. Actually I would probably increase my time on Reddit but i would be Less stressed for sure.  I got a Google Home mini for Christmas and I really have to say it has been very useful for this kind of thing. I didn't think I would use it as much as I do. AND WE COULD FORM A MEGA PERSON.


Or just a normal person, idk. Whatever floats your boat. ;P yooo I seriously think about this. Like I need to find a type a assistant with OCD to monitor my life. i will help them chill and have fun when needed. they will keep me on track. win win. now to just hit the powerball... Synergy! The 1+1=3 effect. But no one wants to pair with me. :-( I'd just drag us both down.

Just like I had an invisible friend when I was a kid. And HE left me for another kid.

 Google glass is a privacy disaster. Imagine being filmed and never knowing what asshole is gonna film you and have a cheap laugh at your very high expense putting you on YT.

If tech is gonna solve our problems, we should already be in ADHD heaven, with all them apps and smart phones and alarm watches and smart watches and what not. And even with all the tech at our disposal we still have trouble in society from literally, the bed we sleep in to the casket we are buried in, through the process of what is commonly known as 'life'. 

 Wow, I never realised that before, that I actually don’t trust my own thoughts/inner voice. Do you think that it’s a teachable thing? That we might be able to develop it with intervention? This is fascinating! Thank you for your perspective! :) Are you talking about demonic possession? The word 'compel' always invokes the scene in The Exorcist and such films where the priest syas 'The power of the Lord compels you!' :-)

What if our inner voice is an evil presence and we are all possessed people as ADHD'ers.

I think I just gave away a novel.

 Have to admit, I recently got an Apple watch and that and Siri have been a godsend. Keeps me off my phone and i can just tell my watch to remind me to do something at a time or place and it does it! heck yes!  or Alexa! or Ok Google! (which isn't ask catchy, but whatever!)  

I use my phone's voice command an embarrassing amount!  It's amazing! If I stop to write I'll usually forget before I find my pen or get past my lock screen and open whatever typey app I can find.  Or the trainer in Downsizing. Projected in front of you from glasses. 

Nah I don't think that would work. We'd just be in bed watching her doing unspeakable things as she tries to motivate you to run a little faster. Maybe if she checks your heartbeat she thinks you are doing it. :-)

All the puns were intended.
 it's a constant dark cloud of anxiety. fuck, it's awful. haha! I recall having a relationship somewhat similar to this with my ex-wife, except it was more like 0.5 + 0.5 = 0.8. Our joke was 'working together it's like we're almost one functional human being! [deleted] It entirely depends on the cause of this inner voice's weakness/absence. For me personally no, it cant be thaught, i tried, but I just started a new treatment with Strattera that seems to be working (but too early to say). Actually the link to religion isnt far off, most religions dictate what you can and cannot do for any aspect of life, which makes it easier for some that have a weak or amoral inner voice.

In your book, i would rather say ADHD'ers would be the ones immune to possession, and all the others are possessed :) we could be the heroes! Seriously! Siri reminders are awesome. I just sometimes forget to even use that! Lol 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼 It is a problem if you ask me. :-) I remember black and white tv. 

I never had a mobile phone. Saying a ship has sailed only makes it happen. We still have privacy. Even if it is eroding fast. Words are the vector along which reality undergoes the formality of occurring.

 Ha! Or maybe we *are* the demons. Advanced Diabolical Hell Demons. We sure know how to bring about chaos. We thrive in crises. 

But maybe we be good demons with clipped horns. And we shall be the Army of the Cortex to fight all evil. 

There is your sequel :-)
 