What I Did Today Woke up to my alarm at 6:30; snoozed it fifteen times, now it's 10:30.

I have to clean my room, I've been meaning to do it for two months.

Oh, but I have to get my college stuff done first.

I need to call a couple colleges, ask some questions, they close at four. I have plenty of time.

Before I call them, though, I need to look into student loans. Each school is different.

Read halfway through one school's website, switch to another, read halfway through that one.

I can't get this song out of my head, let me look that up on YouTube really quick.

I'm listening to music, let me open up Instagram while it's playing.

Ohh geez, it's been an hour and I've just been scrolling through Instagram. 

Back to work.

But wait, I need some music, let me put on a playlist. Oh cool, Spotify made a new playlist for me, let me look at that.

*Twenty minutes later* Okay, school stuff.
...

Man, I can't concentrate with this music on, let me turn it off. While I have my phone, though, let me check Reddit.

*Thirty minutes later* Okay, NOW school stuff.

I don't understand what any of this means, let me call my mom.

*Spends an hour talking to my mom about that book I've been meaning to read, lying and saying I'm halfway through*

I need to call the schools. But it's already 3:45, I don't want to bother them this close to the end of the day, I'll do it tomorrow. I'll just focus on FAFSA stuff now.

But I just bought some watercolors, maybe that would clear my head.

*Spends an hour in front of a blank page, end up just scribbling with a pen in the corner*

I'm just getting distracted, let me put the art stuff away.

*Piles it all in a corner of my room*

It's getting to be dinner time. I have all the ingredients for a sandwich in my kitchen, but it feels like too much work to make one. I'll just order food, even though it's more expensive.

It's 6:30. I didn't clean my room. I didn't call the schools. I didn't fill out a FAFSA. I didn't draw anything. I didn't read anything. 

I'll most likely be up until 2 a.m., convinced I'm going to get something done. I probably won't, though. Holy shit it feels weird reading this cause it's so relatable.  It's  infuriating, and yet (for me at least), if you alternate between being disciplined and letting yourself enjoy your procrastination you can still be productive.

Sounds like you're in a loop of getting through the day, not completing your  To Dos, being upset about that, feeling defeated, then repeating each  day like that.

You  might find that your frustration with that cycle will allow you to  smash through some of those tasks, or just adds to the feeling of being  defeated.

Give yourself permission to work on that task for a while without distractions (no Youtube, no music etc) so that you can enjoy those distractions a bit more once it's done or you've achieved a minor milestone.

Sometimes we think we've not been productive enough or that this episode of procrastination will spell disaster for the entire day; when in reality if we stop that negative thinking and focus on enjoyment and the task at hand we'll naturally get something productive done too.  Or not, but then there is tomorrow.  Don't indulge in the sad story. >*lying and saying I'm halfway through*

It's so hard. I feel like as children we're basically force to lie and attempt to conceal our nature. Grownups are always mad about ADD shit.

Only now, at the age of thirty am I having success retraining myself not to tell these kinds of lies. Just say "oh I keep meaning to do that..." People are more accommodating, at least to the man I am now. A child or teen is most likely to catch abuse for not getting around to stuff, or at least I was. I do the music thing so much.. constantly scrolling through songs to find the right one and then turning the music on and off because you can’t concentrate but you’re bored without it.

I feel miserable lmao Been pondering on this. Make a to do list instead of a plan for the day. 
Plans usually ends up with failing; and I enter a downer. Getting to bed to late. Gotta get up and get kid to school. Cant sleep then. But way to tired. Get overwhelmed by today's todo list. Repeat  It sucks, because I used to read so many books. Like one every couple days, I absorbed them like a sponge. I think it has to do with my ADHD mixed with depression, they both feed each other. At some point I stopped pretending about things I said I'd do - it just feeds in to narrative that I don't follow through. 