I am crying reading this sub I’m 34.  I’m a lawyer.  And I have ADHD, inattentive type.  

Looking back on my life, it’s so clear.  I’ve always been so disorganized, forgotten things, been messy, wandered around aimlessly, etc.  But I always made excellent grades and performed well on standardized tests, so I never realized I had an issue.  I used to fail projects in school because I would only sporadically remember that I needed to do them, and never at a time when I could actually do anything about it...but my high IQ (I sound like a jerk, I know) and great test performance usually saved me. 

I always juggled the balls successfully, using various strategies - aggressive calendaring, list making, just do it ism, panicked last-minute hyper focus.  I survived by sheer force of will and the skin of my teeth (what in the world kind of expression is that? but I digress...because I ALWAYS digress).

In November 2016, I had my third child and it all fell apart.  I had so much to do that I couldn’t focus on any one task.  Y’all should see me in the mornings.  Making breakfast for the kids turns into me taking a shower somehow.  I forget to send another pack of diapers to daycare.  I forget to pay bills.  I forget deadlines.  I forget EVERYTHING. 

Last week, y’all, I lost my phone.  Not uncommon at all for me, unfortunately.  Looked EVERYWHERE for it.  I was late (I’m always late, to everything), so I used Find My iPhone.  Cue my 6 year old in the kitchen: “mommy, why is the freezer beeping?”  🤦🏻‍♀️

I’ve needed new glasses for 6 months but I keep forgetting to make the appointment. 

Anyway, I contacted a friend who is also my endocrinologist, and after listening to me describe things, she prescribed Strattera.  I took the first dose yesterday and I felt slightly more calm and focused, but who knows if that’s a real effect or just placebo?  I’m sure time will tell.  I haven’t told my husband about the Rx yet because I’m afraid of what he’ll think.  That’s probably completely unwarranted but whatever. 

Reading this sub makes cry because what everyone is describing is MY LIFE.  The things y’all describe are things I’ve been dealing with for at least 30 years and not attributing them to anything other than me being a lazy procrastinator who forgets things.  In hindsight, okay, duh...but I’m stunned to find at 34 years old that this has been the issue all along.  I thought everyone’s brain and life were like this and I couldn’t figure out why I was so unable to keep it together.  I’m smart.  I love my job and my family.  Why do I suck at memory and priorities and actually getting things done?  I even bought a book called Getting Things Done (didn’t work) and a book about organization for ADHD people (didn’t actually read the book...because ADHD).

I’d like to get some input on what to expect with Strattera, but the main reason for posting this, I guess, is my absolute relief that I am not a bad person and I’m not alone in the world, or lazy or insane.  

If you got this far, thanks for reading.  Even if you hadn’t gotten this far, I would still have wanted to thank you, but of course you would never have seen it if you didn’t get this far to read the thanks.  😉  #You are not weird. You are not stupid. You do not need to try harder. You are not a failed version of normal. You are different, you are beautiful, and you are not alone. Welcome to the tribe.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI

Strattera works for some people, its generally for when you cant take stims due to other issues. Get diagnosed and get on stims. They are life changing.  Yep, sounds familiar. I’m a late-30s chemist (in the US sense, not the UK sense) and I made it through school ever so barely. In high school, I would always be placed in honors classes because I can rock a standardized test, but I would always get Cs because I couldn’t pay attention long enough to read the required reading, do homework, or study at all. In college, it was the same thing, but of course it is much harder to squeak by there when you can’t study. I don’t know how I managed to pass my classes and graduate sometimes. 

I don’t know much about Strattera other than it can take a couple weeks to work. But I will say that being on the right meds has been amazing. I’ve been able to actually sit down and play games with my kids. I used to think I was just bad at playing or just bad at being a mom, but it turns out I was just too distracted to actually engage with them for long enough to complete a game or activity. And I’m way more patient with them now too. 

Anyhow, I’m rambling. Welcome! I’m glad you’ve found some answers! I have recently discovered this sub as well and I feel a lot like you do. I'm 25 and was diagnosed at age 16 but I never took it seriously and even rejected the diagnosis until the last few weeks.

I've been connecting the dots like crazy ever since I started seeking out more information. It's amazing when you reflect back on all of your failures and shortcomings through the new lens of ADHD you'll start to see yourself in a lot more positive ways. 

Reading this article and this guys book has helped me a lot http://www.drhallowell.com/avoid-the-s-p-i-n-cycle-of-adhd/

He also does a podcast that is pretty great and episodes are short.

But I feel you!! We all do. It's a big moment to connect the dots and realize there's a lot more people out there like you. Keep pushing! I'm sure your husband would love it if you told him what you're going through and that you want to start putting some better hsbits in place. At least thats how my friends and family have reacted. I just started opening up about it and realizing that I could have been doing a lot of things to prevent my ADHD from ruining other people's fun plans and not showing up and stuff. 

You can do it! Your brain isn't broken! It's just a crazy fast supercar with the world's worst brakes I completely relate to your experience. I am 30 and just got diagnosed last year. I too never thought I could have ADHD because I always did stellar in school, have a high IQ, and well on tests...in fact teachers always had me sit next to the ADHD kids in school to keep them on track...but looking back I realized I relied a lot on my hyper focus at the last minute to study and get projects done...

Fast forward to college and then real adulthood...procrastination that started as a child got really bad...didn’t have parents there to help me finish projects at midnight...I barely made deadlines, or just missed them altogether, I would fall asleep in my college classes all the time, and get drowsy behind the wheel way more often than I would like to admit, and I have never been able to be organized or neat no matter how many planners, organizers, and strategies I use. I have been late on bills, gotten more speeding tickets or fix-it tickets than I would like to admit, and get so distracted with things, and put off difficult tasks, oh and I fidget like a mad woman and have the tendency to be impulsive in certain areas of my life....

My therapist and i discussed it and I did a lot of research including joining this sub and it was like I was reading about my own life from strangers. 

I was able to go into my psychiatrist and she diagnosed me with ADHD-PI. My primary diagnoses were major depression and generalized anxiety...so I always worried about those more and those symptoms were more acute so I never thought about the possibility of ADHD...until after lots of good therapy and medications those symptoms came mostly under control...but there was still a missing piece....and that turned out to be the ADHD...when I was reading the DSM attributes...I was aghast...it was so me...I was amazed...why had I never known??? 

My psych started me on adderall and I reacted terribly to it...so nauseous...I threw up several times and could barely eat...so then she put me on Ritalin...and that felt like nothing...no change at all...could not tell any difference... 

My doc said I was probably allergic to the adderall or just couldn’t metabolize the stimulants properly...she definitely thought I was weird and said she hardly ever saw that reaction to the stimulants! So...now I am on Straterra...it has a slower effect, it has to build up in your system, but overall I feel like it has made my mind less chaotic and I can focus on things a bit
more and less distracted. 

Good luck! Hope the Straterra works well for you and welcome to this to wonderful, wacky club! You are definitely not alone in this!  Hi /u/Lori_Belle!

You're among friends. You list a lot of negatives, but I'll bet you're a lawyer because you're smart and you can find hyperfocus (probably via Impending Deadlines) on enough occasions to do magical things.

Find the good. Take your meds. Your husband knows you and will be able to see the difference--don't worry about that. I relate to everything you described besides the stuff with like your kids cuz I’m not married and don’t have kids. But I’m a 27 y/o lawyer and basically had the same experience in school as you described. I could put the minimum effort in and get good grades and got through law school and work as a tax lawyer with an accounting firm.

I think I’ve made a lot of progress with my disorganization over the past year or two and while my adderall helps I think the main thing was just having a string of bad things happen in my life. I lost people I cared about, had gotten myself in a terrible financial situation, and was underperforming at work. It also didn’t help that I was addicted to opiates but I think that’s related to some of my adhd/anxiety as well. 

I live completely sober now besides the adderall and the thing that stops me from falling back into my erratic dissheveled ways is literally just the memory of how awful things were back then. I’m not perfect by any means now, I still let my apartment get a bit too messy or just completely forget important deadline and dates but I’ve gotten better at catching myself and using my calendar and developing little ways to nudge myself back into positive habits whenever the bad ones try to creep back in. It’s tough though. Preach, sister.

I was in my late thirties before I got a diagnosis of ADHD-PI.

Understanding it helped a bit. But Vyvanse 50mg daily helped a lot.  Am not sure why your doc went with Strattera... I would imagine a stimulant like Vyvanse would be a better fit for you.

Just like you, I managed to find work-arounds that kept life and career broadly on track, typically relying on all-nighters and the adrenaline of impending deadlines to force me in to action. Of course at the time I didn't know *what* I was working around...

The arrival of our second child, which came at the same time as my career was really hitting overdrive (I overcommitted myself as I had no sense of how my agreed deadlines correponded to my capacity to deliver that work on time), really pushed my issues to extremes. My wife got seriously tired of having to ask me seven times to do something, after which I'd still forget to do it. I got exhausted and things spiralled. But at least it resulted in a diagnosis.

You may experience some emotional turbulence as you recontextualise your past "failures" as having actually been the result of undiagnosed ADHD, and not the failure-of-character you'd thought. Consider getting therapy, even if you feel you're in a good place emotionally,  so that you can work through that stuff. Some of it may take you by surprise. Hi there, you are describing my life! I was very successful in school and in my career as a registered nurse.  I didn’t know I had ADHD until I was in my early forties.  I had 3 children and a wonderful husband, but just like you I was late for everything, disorganized and it was a constant struggle to keep my head above water.  

I looked around and it seemed other women could manage their lives, but I always felt like I was spending all my energy just trying to stay afloat.  When I was in my early forties I read a book called Driven to Distraction,  to develop an understanding of ADHD because many of my young patients had it.  While I was reading it, I realized that I had inattentive type ADHD! OMG!! It was a wonderful to know that there was a reason for my many “faults”, but a little scary as well.  

I saw my Dr who had known me for 15 years and asked her if I could be evaluated for ADHD.  She tried to talk me out of it, pointing out that I was successful in school and work and had a stable relationship. I was persistent so she reluctantly agreed.  

So next thing I knew I was being seen by a neuropsychologist .  The diagnostic testing was fascinating!  First I was given an IQ test (which was high—-don’t want to sound like a jerk, but apparently that part was important).  Then I was given some simple “games” to play on a computer . This was almost 20 years ago, so I am sure testing has changed since then. Anyway the neuropsychologist sat me down afterward and with his eyes wide he told me I scored a “minus 7”.  That didn’t mean anything to me, so I asked, “On a scale of what??? Is it bad???
And he nodded and told me it WAS bad and that he thinks that I had only “survived” as well as I had because I had a high IQ.  

Together, we figured out that I had done well in school because I loved it and could focus when things were interesting to me.  I did well as an RN because I think I knew instinctively I could not work with a large patient load. I chose to work in labor and delivery (one or 2 patients max) and later public health nursing  where I saw patients in their homes (again, one patient at a time).
I always loved nursing and found that I was always learning something new and nothing was EVER boring... 

The neuropsychologist told me that a lot of girls/women with inattentive type ADHD aren’t diagnosed while in school, because they don’t usually cause trouble and if they do well on tests...then it never comes to light as a problem.  BUT, he told me that when these young women start having families, careers, adult responsibilities,  and the mountain of paperwork that comes along with those responsibilities...THAT’S when they start to fall apart.   Sound familiar???

Anyway, he started me on the lowest dose of Concerta, Then I would come and do the same computer diagnostic test every week for 3 or 4 weeks.  Each week he would increase the dose a little higher until I passed the test with flying colors.  It was AMAZING to see how much the medication helped!  He said that he thought the non stimulant drugs would not work for me and that they had some side effects?  It’s been a long time so can’t remember exactly why he didn’t recommend them, and again, meds and research may have changed since that time.  He also said if you take too high of a dose or drink too much caffeine along with your medication, it can “mess up your ADHD in other ways”. 

Bottom line: I’ve been on 54 mg of Concerta for almost 20 years.  I don’t take it in the weekends or when I’m on vacation, unless there is a specific need. 

It doesn’t cure everything...I still find it difficult to be on time, still have a disorganized office and I’m not the greatest housekeeper.  But I know that really, it’s because I don’t really care about those things much.  

I have been a supervisor for the last 5 years.  I have become really good at identifying people’s strengths and using their strengths to fit them into roles they will succeed in. 

SO in learning to identify other people’s strengths, I’ve have become more familiar with my own strengths.
I have learned that I am fair, firm and have high standards as a supervisor.  My office will never be super organized or decorated like I would like it to be.  I will never get my work done super early because I admittedly procrastinate and I find that I need to mentally process things.  BUT, all my work is turned in on time and done well.  I’m still married though my husband still shakes his head when I can’t find my keys or when I run late.  My children somehow turned out to be great adults, in spite of being raised by a stressed out mother.  My house is never going to be totally clutter free, but it is clean, comfortable and welcoming.  I haven’t sent Christmas cards in about 30 years, even though I always tell myself  “I will next year”.  I am still terrible about remembering to make dr/dentist/hair appointments. I can’t and don’t even try to hide my “faults”, but I have a lot of friends and family who are very special to me and  they seem to love me anyway.  
And for right now... That is Good Enough! 

Oh and one more thing.  I have learned to delegate things and/or pay people to take on tasks I suck at.  It’s a Win/Win!!!!

OP, be kind to yourself. You will never be perfect. No one is.  You are going to suck at some things. It’s ok... learn to see your good qualities. Laugh at yourself if you can.  Try medication.  Try different ones. Remember, you don’t HAVE to stay on them if you don’t like them or their effects.  
Sorry for the novel. 

You’re going to be fine🙂 welcome! life's a crazy rollercoaster, isnt it? I got on meds (Strattera) and now instead of forgetting to go get new glasses for 6 months, I simply don't give a shit about doing it until it becomes a literal emergency. Seriously. I still do things at the last possible minute but now consciously postponing them instead of forgetting them.  Well fuck, I think I might have ADHD. Everything you just described is me 100%. I’m completely stunned right now. Damn  Hey! We have super similar stories. Welcome. If you want an endless source of validation and food-for-thought, pick up a copy of Women with ADHD by Sari Solden. It spoke to me so much. I felt seen and heard on a level I’ve never experienced.  I was diagnosed at 40 after my younger daughter was diagnosed. I spent two years trying non-stimulant options (Straterra, Wellbutrin) because I was fearful of stimulants (specifically side effects and stigma). They did nothing. 

Finally I got tired of struggling and decided to try adderall. I found the perfect place at 10 mg IR in the AM, at noon, and 1/2 in the PM if needed. I don’t feel “high” or “speedy” or anything else - as a matter of fact I have a timer cap on my bottle so I can check and make sure that I took it because sometimes I can’t remember. 

It’s not a magic pill and doesn’t give you a cape, but it clears the fog and let’s me prioritize and complete my work, whether on the job or at home. I’m not getting as frustrated with the kids and can handle my business without getting overwhelmed and shutting down. Sometimes I don’t take my adderall (vacation, time off when I want to be lazy) and have never - not one time - felt like I *had* to take it (ie dependence). It’s absolutely your call as to what you feel comfortable putting into your body, but you asked for opinions and that’s mine. Good luck!  You are, in many ways, describing my life. I didn't discover my ADHD until my son was diagnosed.  I went from being labeled the smart one to the one who didn't care, was lazy and didn't try.  I came t acceot that I was a "loser".  It wasn't until I discovered I had ADHD that it all began to make sense.  I forgave myself and understood that looking at who i was *and how I functioned* was fluid and could be adapted to for my personal best performance, happiness and success.  I was about your age when this metamorphosis began. 


You have reached the next stage of your life, where things will begin to make sense.  You will find the right path forward for you.


Good luck (and talk to your husband today - don't wait).

If it helps, here are a couple of articles I wrote about this a few years back:


http://adhdhunter.com/blog/2009/03/dad-goes-under-the-bus/

http://adhdhunter.com/blog/2009/03/adult-adhd-on-the-job/ I relate to this post on a cellular level. I am 28 and just got diagnosed formally this year after spending a few years waffling on whether, or not I could possibly have ADHD - I was naturally smart, and my life wasn't falling apart. The one thing I would recommend is getting a formal diagnosis. It's great that you have a friend who is willing to prescribe a medication; however, a formal diagnosis and documentation will go a long way if you need to switch providers, move, or what have you.  Don't be surprised if the Strattera doesn't work for you.  It working immediately sends me a red flag that it's a placebo effect right now.  Trust me, I've been on Stratterra for quite a few months now (I take it because it slows my rage build-up enough for me to stay in control), but it did literally 0 for my ADHD.  I'm on Adderall XR right now, and just today got it bumped up to 25mg, because it wasn't lasting long enough.  I've tried Concerta, but that had bad effects on my body, so I stopped it after like day 1.

You'll probably go through a couple of different medications while figuring out which one works for you.  Please please please don't be afraid to try stimulants.

It's not an addiction when it's something your body needs to function the way it should.  It's something you'll be on for the rest of your life, and you're not using it to get an edge on your competition.

You're using it to compete at the same level as your competition.  Remember that.  Stimulants don't give us any sort of "edge", they just make us equals.  I'm also like you in the IQ department and have been told "There's nothing you can't do."  I’m in the relative same boat as you (no kids but a lot of what you said in your post down to your coping mechanisms are identical to the ways I’ve talked about ADHD and my life prior to adult diagnosis). The validation and relief that I find in this subreddit—such as by reading your experiences—is something I am deeply grateful for. 

Speaking to Strattera:

I started taking it this past March after taking Adderral (for about a year) had me feeling like an anxious mess (if a productive one). Apparently my psych had me on a much too-high dose (20-40mg), however, according to other friends with ADHD. 

So I’m a fan of Strattera, but it has its ups and downs. First thing to note is it takes 4-6 weeks to feel it’s effects and I found this to be true. The onset of positive effects was very gradual but that in itself was nice after the immediacy of Adderral. I wanted to feel more even, and that’s what Strattera promised.

I’ve had anxiety problems for a while (much milder in childhood to the point where it seems nonexistent comparatively) which peaked in severity from 2014-2016. While Adderral alleviated work-related anxiety it exacerbated my social anxiety and did not help my existential anxiety that arises from the inability to persist in my long term personal goals. 

What Strattera did for me is completely alleviate my anxiety and even out my mood. After 2-3 months, I no longer felt the constant, unbearable tightness in my entire body and what I call a “head-explode-y” feeling. Being liberated from these constant feelings  was an incredible relief. I also was much more able to perceive my anger and strong feelings in general as they occurred. I no longer feel a slave to my feelings. I have since learned Strattera is quite good at treating anxiety in people with ADHD (per Dr. Russell Barkley).

What came along with Strattera was difficult physical side effects while getting used to my doses, which I still experience sometimes. For a while I thought I was having migraines because they felt so similar to prodome: intense nausea, light sensitivity, brain fog like woh. Taking it with food and slower increases in dosage helped alleviate these side effects. 

What Strattera did not do for me is improve my executive functioning much. Maybe because I’m on a relatively low dose still (30mg). But I attribute this to the reduction in productivity/impulse control to my anxiety levels: I have come to realize how deeply I relied on my anxiety to motivate me to do anything and everything. Without it, my activation has deeply suffered. 

Right now that’s where I’m working from because part of what drove me to seek further help (I was initially diagnosed with anxiety and depression) was that treating my anxiety went nowhere. I didn’t want to feel constantly anxious, and I still don’t even if it means I am more functional because with it. Stress at that level kills. It can’t be my crutch. I refuse.

TLDR; Strattera is v helpful for anxiety, anger, evening out mood—but not (in my experience) impulse control (outside of emotional reactivity). Adderral helped much more with the latter and—especially at high doses—completely exacerbated the former. It did help me be less emotionally reactive, but not even close to what Strattera provides me with.

(Edited for typos, clarity.) I did a PhD in computer science with the same type of adhd, and between writing, inattention. and not being able to stand meeting it was really bad.

But being a practicing lawyer with the same type of ADHD? That’s playing the game on Nightmare Mode. Huge Kudos for even pulling it off  Hi me. ONE OF US,

ONE OF US,

ONE OF US,

ONE OF US, This made me glad to read. I’m 39, an engineer, and am just now getting help with my ADD. Your story sounds a lot like mine. 

It’s slow, I’m trying medication for the first time and am having mixed results. But there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.  This. Exactly. I started taking Vyvanse a few years ago because my life was falling apart and I just couldn't. Life changing. Oh, honey... You are describing me to a T.

Went to nursing school 3 times... never could finish due to "life events" (divorce counts, right?). High IQ, major Last Minute Lucy, ever since high school. Bills? Ha. Doctor's appointments? Sha, babe. Nothing stuck. 

Fast forward to age 34 where, in a last ditch effort to TRY and create a career with growth, I join a not-for-profit insurance organization with the goal of becoming an investment licensed financial advisor. The overwhelm led to a diagnosis and treatment (which is a process). 

Hang in there. We really are our own tribe, but we're gonna make it! Uncanny. I'm also a lawyer, similar academic habits of testing well but not doing projects, top 10%, and started meds yesterday. I'm both inattentive and hyperactive though.

I especially relate to the numerous methods of trying to juggle deadlines and only being able to get things done once they become urgent. I've got a whiteboard in my office that I've lately started filling with index cards with individual projects as a new method for keeping things straight.

What kind of law do you practice? I'm in civil litigation, and it seems like the best weeks for me are those where you're expected to be frantic, like trial and depos. Can we take a moment to congratulate you on your JD? That is a HUGE accomplishment! My dream is to become an attorney but I’ll never get there it feels like. Was started on Strattera, a lot of doctors start out adults on these in case they are only looking for a stimulant Rx.

After a couple of months of not being that much better on it, and having weird side effects (also stimulated my prostate and made me pee a bit of cum daily lol) but actually being a bit more social and confident, possibly from it, I told my doc I wasn't feeling well on it and was switched to Vyvanse paired with Wellbutrin. She also told me that Strattera is "old stuff" and "we don't really use this anymore, there's new and better stuff right now"

I'm constantly anxious, but I don't have heavy anxiety induced insomnia anymore thanks to the meds.

Currently looking for a different combo that'd still stimulate me but with less anxiety.

Be careful and don't ever abuse whatever drugs you are prescribed. Listen to your body. Are you me, tho? My first kiddo just turned one but otherwise I just read my life story.  Your experience is very similar to mine, especially academically. And the whole "remembering things *only* when you can't do anything about them"...isn't it sooo frustrating?! No one in my life seems to understand, even when I explain. I'm glad you've found us and realized that you can stop blaming yourself for things you can't control! Welcome and hugs! I'm a mom who discovered the same "diagnosis" (I'm not official yet) in me after researching my son (kid is diagnosed). We both fall under ADHD inattentive too. I never realized there was an actual thing going on with me. I had a similar sounding childhood to what you described.

When I learned about ADHD in adult women, and it perfectly described my life, I also cried. I called my husband at work (never do that) and cried. Relief and frustration and confusion and emotions just all came to a head.

I hope your meds help. I'm going to see someone and start this path myself next month.  As a fellow 34-year-old woman who is screaming “SAME GIRL SAME” at every. single. part. of this post, welcome to the tribe. I will say this: I was diagnosed 4 times in my life and the fourth time I finally (in true adhd fashion) took it seriously and truly learned what ADHD was beyond erroneously stigmatized platitudes. That I was inattentive, with a high IQ, who skated by for years because of obsessive to do lists and eventual adrenal fatigue from constant anxiety driven crisis mode. I went through the 5 stages of grief JUST from embracing this diagnosis. I have to say, finally learning that I don’t suck at life, that I’m not a quitter, that I’m not a sack of shit who can’t get it together, well, it’s everything. My best advice? Now is when you have to learn what works for you and that includes a support system. Find therapy that specializes in ADHD and get your family on board. It will be the make it or break it of it all if you don’t have support that is informed. This is a great community and I have yet to watch a How to ADHD YouTube video without sobbing. There’s so much shit to unpack, I hear you. So yeah, welcome to the tribe. You’re not alone, we understand you and each other, and it really does get better. Also, if you want a REALLY good cry google the article about the Lost Generation of women with ADHD. Our generation. Talk about your life spilling out into someone else’s words... I'm always so impressed at people who've got jobs like this with ADHD. Couldn't even imagine it for myself You have lots of advice above.  You can do it!  Things will get better!  Oh my gosh, I just want to hug you.

Do you know what an amazing achievement it is to be a lawyer? AND a parent? AND all while living with ADHD? 

I relate to so much of what you say. I am around your age, but was diagnosed when I was about 24. Still, by that point, I was initially so destroyed by the realization that the reason I had to work so hard to get through high school and undergrad was because I was struggling with my executive functions due to ADHD inattentive type. 

I went on to grad school and finished, but even that was still a challenge while I was learning for the first time how to handle school as a now self-aware ADHDer in both therapy and on stimulant medication. 

It is a lifelong journey and the learning never ends. Please feel free to message me if you want to chat or ask questions, I am more than happy to talk/listen! Strattera really helped me at first. I think I was so grateful for what it did that I was able to put up with the side effects for a long time. I cut back from 80mg to 60mg about a year in because it made me so awfully tired. Like three naps a day tired. The need for naps didn't drop off, but the benefits did. I also lost all desire to exercise or cook for have friends or just live my life, period.

That sounds really terrible, but for one thing, it works great for lots of people. And for another, it was what I needed at a really bad time. It got me to a place where I felt able to make the appointment necessary to get better treatment. I'm mad that I stayed on it for so long, but I don't regret starting it. short answer: it may take weeks before you see the Strattera's effect. even then, it may take several more weeks to find the right dosage. don't be discouraged.  


also: [https://youtu.be/\_tpB-B8BXk0](https://youtu.be/_tpB-B8BXk0) Hey. I'm trying to quit Reddit and I deleted my account like a month ago and only visit this subreddit occasionally. Your post made me cry. I saw myself in your post. So much so I had to register and talk to you. My wife and I had twins last year and my life literally fell apart, too. I was diagnosed earlier this year at the age of 37. I made that leap of faith, too, finally calling up a psychiatrist / friend and confided in her that I may have ADHD.

"Yeah, I kinda know." she simply said. 

It's amazing isn't it? that you had no idea what was happening to you all your life, like you were looking at the world without glasses and one day you finally got a pair and HOLYFUCKINGFUCKTHATBIGBLOBOFGREENONATREEISMADEOUTOFTINYLEAVES!

Like, how in the world did we not know sooner? Could I have been better than where I am today? What did I miss?

I have nothing to offer that others haven't mentioned. Get help. It'll be expensive but it'll be worth it. 

Wish I could see your aggressive calendaring and list making. As many therapist have told me, Those are the methods the smart ones figured out to cope with their symptoms.

I wish you well.

Remember the clarity you get with the first week of pills isn't all clarity. They got you high, too. When the high disappears, remember to keep going at it. The disorder will not go away. We'll need to overcome. 

Keep on being awesome, you. It's important to understand that even with meds you still have to "manage" your mind. The meds should allow you to pull back, assess the bigger picture, and choose which task you want to focus on. They won't give you a better memory, or allow you to keep several tasks in your head, or prevent you from hyperfocusing when you don't want to, etc... if you don't also employ additional techniques. A good psychiatrist specializing in ADHD can give you a number of strategies tailored to you. 

Lastly, consider revisiting "Getting Things Done" after you've been medicated for a while I think you'll like it. I've been using it for almost ten years and out of all the systems I've tried it feels the most compatible with the way my (medicated) brain works. The key is to get things out of your head/inbox and into a trusted system.

Good luck! Tried psychotherapy and some good cbt work. You gotta remember impulses, childish behaviour, selfishness etc that part of the brain is right next to the area that adhd effects. These forms of therapy can be very very effective but it’s hard. Struggle is real your doing great.  Wellbutrin is prescribed as an "off label" adhd med.  Works great for me and its non stimulant.   Audiobooks are the best! Went from 0 books a year to a book every once in awhile. It's great.  I think age makes your brain slower, and with more pressure (responsibilities), you're more likely to crash between getting tasks completed. This is why it's probably becoming more obvious now. I wasn't diagnosed until I was 38, but I also have a high IQ (wasted) and the regret of not discovering it years ago is certainly strong. Straterra is by far the least effective ADHD medication available. Wellbutrin is a 3rd rate non-narcotic ADHD medication and even it is better than Straterra, so if you really are afraid of legit medications Wellbutrin should be your next step.

Straterra works for some, but im not convinced that it's a placebo for those people.

ADHD is, among other things, a deficiency in key brain chemicals (called monoamime neurotransmitters, specifically norepinephrine and dopamine). 

Adderall causes your brain to release these chemicals and keeps them in your head so you can function properly. Yes, if you abuse your medication you run the risk of becoming addicted, but you will not become addicted by therapeutic use. If your friend is seeming extra hyper she is on a dose that is too high for her. There is also Vyvanse and methylphenidate if adderall is too much for you.

What meds you take is up to you and your doctor, Im just trying to provide information. I cannot recommend enough that you experiment and find what's best for you. I cannot function without my meds.

Thank you for posting. Your inclusion of the phone in the freezer made me feel so much better. Hats, keys, remotes, you name it and I've probably put it in the freezer absent mindedly and I've never encountered anyone else who does that. Welcome to the family :) Hey there friend. I didn't get properly diagnosed with ADHD until this spring. I'm 23. I was previously diagnosed with autism as a child but the neuropsychologist who evaluated me said I didn't meet enough criteria to have autism. I had other problems, including ADHD and anxiety, that were severe enough to look like autism. It was a relief, but I also feel a little angry that the diagnosis was incorrect all these years.

I do relate to the feeling of being relieved. Most of my formative years were marked by bullying, trouble keeping up in school, behavioral issues, crippling anxiety, meltdowns, and I couldn't figure out why. Even worse, I couldn't fit in with most other kids on the autism spectrum. I don't want to say I was "too smart" for them, but I had most of the basic social skills they didn't have. So I basically existed in this very lonely middle ground. It is heartbreaking. Fortunately, I did meet my best friend through playgroup, and her younger brother has ADHD as well, so she can relate to what I'm going through.

As for Strattera, I remember taking it when I was 8, 9 years old, so I don't remember much about it, if at all. I remember my parents saying it didn't work, but they also tried stimulants like Adderall and said I never slept. Not sure I can help you there, but I just want to say I support you and I care. You should be very proud of yourself for how far you've come. I'm glad you found this sub, too. It is really a fantastic support system. [deleted] Strattara is for real. It's just hard because you can't forget to take it. THIS IS KEY. The thing with Strattera is that it’s a slow-acting drug. It will build up in your system such that you don’t feel the full effect for a while. It’s not a stimulant and if it doesn’t make you nauseous like it made me, it’s a good drug. Keep it up, three kids is hard on everybody. Hey, this might get buried but my story is really similar - I’m a lawyer, I did terribly in school except for when I knocked it out of the park (for instance, on standardized tests or things I was interested in). I was always disorganized, distracted and unfocused.  

I only realized I was a walking poster child for adhd-pi when my 7yo was diagnosed last year and then it made so. much. sense.  

His psychologist and husband didn’t understand why my son’s diagnosis was so upsetting to me because, hey, look at me - I’ve been really quite successful objectively-speaking.  They were honestly baffled as I was trying to keep things together enough to explain how I was feeling between sobs (I’m not normally a crier). 

I tried to explain that every moment of every day is so hard.  It’s like having to run the same race as everyone else but having to carry a 20 pound weight with you.  It’s just...exhausting and the thought of that long road for my son was really daunting. 

And, I also explained that getting through law school was the easy part.  I streamlined my life and excluded distractions while I was going through school.  “Grown-up” life of managing kids, marriage, work, house, school, friends, kids’ friends, etc. is so much tougher.   We just have 2 kids and I have the feeling a third would have pushed us over the edge like you mentioned.  

We’ve talked about whether we should look at medication for me and our son. We’re all pretty risk-averse so we haven’t gone down that path but I sometimes wonder whether we owe it to our son to at least try if it could make his path easier.  From what I’ve read, Strattera seems like it would work best for us (given that my son and I are both slightly prone to anxiety) so any update you might be able to give along the way about how it’s going for you would be appreciated.  

In the meantime, good luck!  If nothing else, hopefully you’ll find this sub to be helpful and informative and supportive like I have! 🙂
 You aren't a jerk sweety, what you just described sounds exactly like me. It just is how it is when your smart and can pull stuff off. Lucky in some ways being able to compensate.... but then no one catches anything as different until you've been struggling for years and years i took 20 mg IR and it never feels like taking a drug. If it my brain were a racing car, my adderall brain would win Your *friend* prescribed you a drug?  Unprofessional. It’s not that you suck.. you, like all of us here, have a brain that operates differently and the memory problems, and all those things you listed are a result. The good news is, it’s highly treatable and you can live a normal life. Good luck to you.  I too was diagnosed in my mid-30s when my life started to breakdown after my kid was born. It’s been a complete turnaround, I went from a shit job to one of the principle SMEs in my field for my company of 30k employees.

High-IQ and ADHD is fairly common, the phenomenon is referred to as “[Twice Exceptional](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twice_exceptional)” and having a high IQ allows many with ADHD to “brute force” it (what I call it). I graduated valedictorian from high school and then hit a wall in college when things got too hard to overcompensate with just my wits. If you live in a place where medical cannabis is a thing, try consulting your doctor about that.

i am diagnosed with both ADHD and Asperger, which is a Autism-like diagnose, and my plants that i grow my self helps much better than any big-pharma med i've tried.

i'm only saying this cause i know what the main ingredient in Strattera, Ritalin, Concerta and most other stems for adhd can give as side effect its a rare thing but globally the worst side effects hit 52&#37; (as of 2015) (ADHD here, hit me up for the sources ;) ) 

last note: remember to listen to your body while taking the meds, cause even though it helps it can still give sides. and those are not worth the gain  Sounds a lot like myself. Changed my diet to a higher good fat and lower carbs . Has been a game changer for me  . Ive done lots of research and educating myself on the topic , always learning. Gaining knowledge on diets and proper foods to eat will open your eyes on how to treat your brain. Again this diet also known as a keto diet with variances depending on your needs ( everyone is dietarily different)  its been remarkable for me .  Wow I'm Adhd pi and 34, I'm very impressed you manage having 3 kids and being a lawyer! I have just one and if I didn't get put on concerta a few years back I would have left him at the store by now. Keep going you are about to become huge Yep. Parallels my story. Got through college the same way, and completely came unglued after becoming a parent. I was diagnosed at 30. I tried vyvance, and now I'm on Adderall. Still trying to figure out dosage but holy shit it helps. But the emotional roller coaster is still very much full of highs and lows. So glad to know and be getting treatment though You sound like me. And you’re not lazy, dumb, weird or anything else. Let it go. ADHD isn’t bad. Sometimes we just need help. Without medicine, my brain is like a lottery ball machine. All the balls bouncing around and I can’t prioritize any of them! With medicine, the lottery machine (my brain) slows down and pops out a ball (priority). It’s so much better.

Once you get through the first two weeks, the side effects lessen.

I couldn’t take adderall, it made me high as a kite and I couldn’t stopppp talking! So strattera it is.

At first it made me less hungry but that went back to normal pretty quickly.

Good luck! <3 At least your a lawyer that can't be easy! I struggle with the most basic of things. 

 I would strongly suggest going through the testing than having your endocrinologist friend prescribe you something, although I see it is water under the bridge, now.  This is not your friend’s area of expertise, and she probably wouldn’t have prescribed it to you if she wasn’t your friend.

That said, you have a ridiculous amount going on in your life!  Congrats for getting as far as you have!  Don’t forget that.

You owe it to yourself to go through the evaluation.  You will end up being treated better that way if you do.  The problem for you is probably going to be finding the time to get the evaluation completed.  Taking the time to meet with someone and getting the proper evaluation will be invaluable.

Is there a way that you can get help around the house?  A grandparent available?  If you are running your kids to daycare, get a nanny.  The stress of not having to rush to get them to daycare or having to rush to pick them up in time is worth it right now.  In addition, a nanny can help clean around the house, etc.

I was personally diagnosed with inattentive type adhd last year, at the age of 45.  I think of all the suffering and struggles prior to starting on a stimulant medication.  I was amazed at how calm I felt, as well as how much I felt this fog lift away (it took sooooo much effort to lift the fog away and perform)..  The medication is helpful, but not a panacea.  Study/work habits didn’t change that much.  So, remember, the medication is only a part of it.

HTH! I totally get it! Direct opposite, my school years were terrible, and I did poorly. I've always been somewhat organized on most days. However, something has changed. As my life has gained more stresses and complex my symptoms have increased.  Less focused, forgetfulness, stress anixety etc. Referral for anixety led to a diagnosis of ADHD recently. I've been frantically trying to get an appointment with my primary care provider for a prescription. Got put on a wait list for a physc doctor. Thank the Lord today I got a call back from a behavior modification therapist who kindly penciled me for an intake appointment!!! But I'm freaking about freaking out. Tried talking to my wife. In the mean time feeling like everyone is watching me asking what's his problem......   Best of luck to you! 25 YO female here, started taking straterra in 5th grade (was diagnosed VERYYY early bc of how inattentive I was)

I love Straterra. In college I tried switching to stimulants (for no other reason other than everyone swore by them so I felt like I was missing out on something) and I was the most depressed and anxious I’ve ever been my life. 

Doctor put me on Adderall first and honestly, it just made me feel anxious and crazy. Then I tried vyvanse and I’ve never been more depressed in my entire life. The come downs were not worth it. 

SO, after this and watching my GPA Plummet by an entire point on a 4 point scale, I switched back to Straterra and all of my problems were fixed. 

I ❤️ Straterra 

Although, itdoes take a month to work so give it time. And you have to take it every day - not like stimulants where you can just not take it for several days and be fine.  I’m also a 34 year old lawyer who was recently diagnosed with ADHD a few months ago (March). I’ve been exploring the possibility of having ADHD for about a year though and it’s been a rollercoaster. I’m also grateful for subs like these; I just always believed, deep down inside, that I couldn’t cut it as a woman, wife, employee, friend etc and that I just had to fake it till I made it.  The stories I’ve read here give me hope that maybe one day I won’t feel like such a fraud and will finally be happy just being ME.  I’m expecting my first child (due in December) and I am so excited and so terrified. Don’t get me wrong - I’m grateful that I’m going into parenthood knowing  about my ADHD because maybe I will handle those inevitable failures/overwhelming feelings with a better understanding of why they happen...but still, EEK! I can’t believe you’re already doing this with 3 kids - I am in AWE of you.  I can only imagine how hard and lonely it has been but I’m glad you (and I) have found our community :). Hugs.  Yes, the point where it all falls apart. Or rather, if you look at it from the opposite angle, when it finally comes together in the sense of an answer.
I don't like the answer, but there it is. Adfuckinghd.  Got a good cry out of this Wednesday morning. Also tested well in school and was diagnosed last month. Started an extended release amphetamine regimen last month which was helping with impulse controls around eating and over drinking. Also felt at peace with myself for the first time since I can remember and felt passionate about my work. Found out Tuesday my employer switched our insurance company  and they’ve decided not to cover any of the cost of the prescription. 😔 three days without any medication and I’m sitting in a Taco Bell parking lot on my lunch break slamming burritos like it’s going out of style.  Sorry for late comment, but your story is nearly identical to mine. High IQ high-ish test scores but still constantly somehow barely making it. 

I was prescribed Strattera as well, mostly due to my family history of anxiety. I've been on it for the past 5ish years almost continuously. I needed a few days before I noticed a difference, and a few months before I got used to it. I got started at 60mg which was right for my body weight, but it honestly was kinda brutal. Started with dry mouth and stomach pain, nothing too crazy, you HAVE TO EAT while taking this. The lasting effects for me were what I'd call a "shortened fuse" which was just things going on around me (things that other people were doing) that would be a minor inconvenience would drive me up the wall. This might be just me and I've learned how to "check myself". I am also a kinda shaky person, and Strattera made that considerably worse, like grandma bad. The worst side effects were the sexual ones; if you look those up online I've got all of them, and they are super annoying and sometimes painful. I got my prescription down to two 25mg doses a day, one with breakfast and one with dinner, which made the side effects bearable enough.

I was also worried about getting addicted/dependent on medication, but I am certainly not on Strattera. I also love how long it lasts in my system and after a while you can really feel the difference in functioning capacity. Though I think I am going to try stimulants soon because I want to see if I can have similar benefits without the physical toll that Strattera takes. So, I'd say it works really well, and finding the right dosage is important, but I still don't know if it's the best option. 

Since we are in very similar situations, please feel free to dm me with your questions regarding your experience, it'd be really nice to have someone to share similar experiences with! I just made a Reddit profile so I could respond to you. I was diagnosed last year at 43, and started on Strattera, titrating up to my full dose of 80mg. It’s funny it took so long — I’m a psychotherapist. I just thought I was lazy, disorganized, forgetful, a bad therapist for forgetting to fill out paperwork, a bad friend for forgetting to return texts/calls, a bad businesswoman for all the admin stuff that fell through the cracks. 

As an adolescent I always scored high (98th percentile) in standardized tests, was put in honors classes, but never performed well. I dropped out of college twice, and returned to complete undergrad at 30, and go to grad school at 32. I feel I was only successful because I had no other big responsibilities (I didn’t work while I was in school and didn’t/don’t have children).

When the Strattera started to take effect a few weeks in, I was sitting quietly, and thought “Is this what a normal person’s brain is like???” It was quiet! My lifelong problem with insomnia (due to a very hard time quieting my mind) resolved and I no longer felt constantly frazzled. I could watch a movie without zoning out and completely losing the plot.  It’s really been a life-changing experience, and has really made me wonder how my life could have gone much differently had I been diagnosed as a young person. 

 No offense, and I'm not in any way trying to minimize what you are going through, especially if you (or any of you) actually are diagnosed ADHD, but.......

Our brains are not remembering tools.

The human brain is not a calendar, it is not a diary, it is not a task list. Our brains do not work that way.

If you really want to change your life, go get a copy of Getting Things Done by David Allen.

The main nugget of the book (there are so, so many life-changing tidbits in there though) is that our brains. Are not. Remembering tools.

Writing things down, making lists, keeping a calendar is NOT a sign of weakness, ADHD, etc; in fact the opposite is true. Creating, using and maintaining a system to help you keep track of the stuff in your life - all the same stuff we all have to do & keep track of - is a sign of success, accomplishment, and organization.

If you literally don't use calendars or task managers at all, which it doesn't sound like you *consistently* do, no wonder you feel like you're going insane.

Your brain is simply not wired to remember everything. It is perfectly normal that you forget to do half the stuff you have to do.

Again, no offense if you actually are diagnosed and I'm NOT trying to minimize your problems, just to help & share with you something that changed my life which is the GTD book.

Get serious about creating a system for yourself; there are literally millions of apps & choices out there; paper, electronic, etc. I’m a child custody lawyer and I’ve been involved in several cases where addiction to stims has been an issue.  Also, a dear friend is on Adderall and she has become way more speedy and annoying since she started taking it.  I don’t want that to be me.  I would therefore rather try non-stim meds first.  Is Strattera bad, or you just think stims are better? Love Jessica McCabe's content. Check out her YouTube Channel, How to ADHD.  It's a necessity. Crying. 

I feel so weird because most people seem to NOT want to be diagnosed with this but it's the only way I can rationalize why my brain is the way it is. 

If I got the diagnosis I'd be relieved. My two cents here, I was on Strattera for about a year (had a brief stint at a "therapeutic boarding school" in Utah in high school and the psychiatrist refused to keep anyone on any stimulant medications for ADHD but also claimed that he had a legal obligation to treat the condition with medication, and thus Strattera was the ONLY option at the time - not sketchy at all). But, as you mentioned, I digress, because I always do. Anyway, I had mixed experience. It made me incredibly nauseous and didn't really seem do have a huge impact on my symptoms. I was previously on Adderall and Dexedrine and have since gone back to being prescribed Adderall, which I feel works light-years more effectively for me <3 :) Well I am weird, but that's unrelated.  200 👆 upvotes!! Adderall will change your life without sucking the life out of you. Good luck  Technically speaking because she is not normal she has to try harder so you have a bit of a contradiction there Im on 80mg of strattera.. it kinda works, do you have any research that supports switching to stims?  Haha your school experience 100% aligns with mine 😂 made it through college without getting diagnosed and on meds. God, reading stories like this give me so much hope for myself. I'm really glad I found this sub. "in the US sense, not the UK sense"
Whats the difference?  Oh, for sure.  I graduated in the top 10% of my law class and I love practicing law.   I believe in living sober too.  I don’t use any drugs or drink alcohol.  I do have fairly significant caffeine intake, but I don’t feel like that’s abnormal for lawyers or mothers or anybody, really.  Also, u/ShibbySosa300, I forgot to say earlier (but totally meant to say!) that I am SUPER impressed and happy that you've overcome opiate addiction.  I have seen so many people lose everything - jobs, kids, life itself - for opiates/opioids or meth/amphetamine.  I can only conclude, based on my observations, that overcoming such an addiction is extremely difficult.  Kudos to you! I’m really paranoid about stims and addiction so I requested Strattera.  Also, I’ve been in therapy for 13 years.  That...doesn’t actually sound like much of an improvement?  Or is it? That’s how I felt reading all the posts in r/adhd

Like, how do these people know my life?!? Definitely on my "to-read" list. What on earth do I say to my husband? My friend is also my treating provider for other medical issues I have and I am certain that she is coding the ADHD diagnosis along with the prescription.  I have no desire to see a psychiatrist.  My PCP made me go when she prescribed my Zoloft for postpartum depression, and I was treated like the gum on the bottom of somebody's shoe. I can't imagine the challenge of being around computers 24/7 and trying to get anything done.  I've done the Google rabbit hole SO MANY times... What meds are you on, u/postitpad?  What do you mean by mixed results?  Intended effects + side effects, or kinda works but only sometimes, or what?   I’m a divorce and child custody lawyer...which is technically civil litigation, but of a different stripe.  I LOVE trial weeks.  So. much. focus.  And so much money. 

I’m self-employed btw.  Going solo saved my sanity in some ways, but being responsible for ALL THE THINGS really adds weight...and tasks.  Thank you!  It was the best decision I ever made.  I loved law school.  It fed into my educational hyperfocus. Well, let me tell you...I love it, but it ain’t no picnic.  It's really challenging.  When I've got a trial or something, all the moving parts make me crazy...making sure I've got the exhibits in the right order and the correct number of copies for each exhibit, etc.  I REALLY need a legal assistant but good help is hard to find and I can't take the time away from my cases to train anyone. Thank you!  Everything feels like a challenge right now.  For a long time, I told myself it was just depression, but then I stumbled upon an article about ADHD and the ASRS-5 (ADHD Self-Reporting Screen for DSM-5) and I was like OH CRAP THAT'S ME. Also, I could have written your post. Except I went to college for 8 years and didn't get a degree. Just a wide range of entry level knowledge about random things I suddenly became obsessed with. The last one, I probably could have gotten through, except my husband and I got pregnant, and I was completely unable to function through first trimester. I would totally share a photo of my calendar, but unfortunately it would compromise client confidentiality.  I use a weekly/monthly planner by Blue Sky.  I picked one with a solid dark blue cover and palm trees on the pages, so I can be happy when I look at it but still seem professional in public.

I am also working on disciplining myself to do a 43-folder tickler system, but that remains to be seen. And my lists are UGLY - case name in one column, tasks in the other, prioritized by number, do each thing on the list in order (if I can make myself).  The challenge to that comes in because doing task X for Y case sometimes requires me to "borrow" documents from Z case, causing me to get distracted by Z case, or (absolute disaster ahead) check my email to remind me of some facts I need to know for Y case.  Checking my email is a BAD IDEA because I always feel like I have to respond to everybody immediately.  Ugh. It may be easier to implement a system if I can ever get my mind to do "one thought at a time" (I thought everybody had this chaos in their mind - maybe not?). I’ve been in therapy for 13 years.  I’m already on Zoloft for depression.   This is definitely an experiment for me.  I am not wedded to any certain medication.  I am starting with Strattera, but if I don't see significant improvement in a couple of months, I will move on. My provider called in 40mg, which we will reevaluate in 4 weeks to see if the dose might need to be increased. What happens if you forget to take it? So far, no nausea...just dry mouth.  It's cool - I drink a lot of water anyway. What kind of law do you practice?  Do you have any strategies for doing the repetitive “grind” part of litigation, if you litigate? I should clarify.  My friend (more of an acquaintance, really) has been legitimately treating me medically for over a year, unrelated to ADHD.  I happen to have her cell number because she's a friend/acquaintance, but she's certainly not my best friend and we do have a preexisting provider-patient relationship.  I don't see anything unprofessional about seeking professional services from people you already know and trust.  Lord knows my acquaintances use my legal services all the time. **Twice exceptional**

The term twice exceptional, often abbreviated as 2e, entered educators' lexicons in mid 1990s and refers to gifted children who have some form of disability. These children are considered exceptional both because of their giftedness (e.g., intellectual, creative, perceptual, motor etc.) and because of their special needs (e.g., specific learning disability, neurodevelopmental disability etc.) Ronksley-Pavia (2015) presents a useful conceptual model of the co-occurrence of disability and giftedness.

A 2e child usually refers to a child who, alongside being considered gifted in comparison to same age-peers, is formally diagnosed with one or more disabilities. Although 2e can refer to any general disability, it is often used to refer to students with learning disabilities, although research is not limited to these areas, and a more holistic view of 2e can help move the field forward.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/ADHD/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28 Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twice_exceptional
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^200042 I have an actual terror of leaving one of my kids to fry in the back seat of the car on a summer day.  Not because I would WANT to, but because I forget things.  And I love my kids, so you would think I couldn't forget them, but...that's not how this works.  That's not how any of this works. The lawyering part can be easier than the basic part.  I would rather be in the courtroom than force myself to sit down and pay my bills. More than a nanny, I think I need a housekeeper!  

I could see a neuropsychologist to be evaluated if I could ever find the time.  I know a couple of good ones.  I just don’t want to go to a psychiatrist (MD) right now.  I am in the care of a LPC for therapy and have been seeing someone for 13 years.  

I know meds aren’t the total solution.  I’ve been doing all the other stuff - little tips and tricks and lists and organization - for years, and now I realize I was trying strategies to stay ahead of the ADHD.  I feel like meds are the missing piece of the maze I’ve navigated - successfully, for the most part - for the last three decades.  I was managing, but now I’m not.  I have 50 clients, 3 kids, and a husband.  It’s just too much.  I do have anxiety (social, situational, performance, etc.) and that's part of my worry about stims. In a way, I'm lucky.  I didn't have my first child until my last year of law school.  My oldest was 5 months old when I sat for the bar exam.  I don't think I could have done law school with multiple children.

PM me if you want to chat about practicing law with ADHD.  And join your state's Girl Attorney group on Facebook - they're awesome. Are you male or female?  Curious about it from the perspective of sexual side effects. I have read Getting Things Done and it did not help. 

*I edited this post because it was far snippier than I intended.* I calendar aggressively, make lists, etc.  But then I can’t force myself to do the things on the list.

Do you have ADHD or are you neurotypical? addiction is not an issue at therapeutic doses. It actually lowers your chances of developing a substance abuse problem as you will likely self-medicate if don't get on the right meds. You don't actually feel like you're on anything. People get addicted to opiates too. Would you refuse pain killers after an operation because some people take heroin?

I take it you friend has ADHD? Combined type I'm guessing? Stims don't make us speedy. But they can lift fatigue and self-worth issues which may have been quieting her down before. So you're 'speedy/annoying' friend is simply displaying her hyperactive personality - as it's meant to be. Same happened to me, I self-diagnosed as inattentive. Got diagnosed with combined and when I started meds my hyperactivity came out in force. 

It's generally ineffective for most people and comes with more side-effects than stimulants. There is nothing wrong with wanting to try non-stimulants first. It’s usually the first thing doctors try to prescribe. If it works, why struggle with a stupid Schedule II script every month?

But most people don’t feel any different on non-stimulants, myself included. I was on Strattera for about 2 months (it takes about one month to start working as it is technically an anti-depressant) when I was first diagnosed at 15. I really tried to make it work, but it just wasn’t cutting it. Most people are not satisfied with the results.

Your friend on Adderall could possibly have a dose that is too high or is not quite on the right medicine yet. 

I am ADHD-PI (Primarily Inattentive) and I do notice that I am significantly more chatty when my Vyvanse (50mg) kicks in. I believe this has more to do with the fact that I can actually sort out my thoughts into coherent sentences. When I don’t take my Vyvanse, I usually blurt out stupid things or trip over all of my words, so growing up, I tried to keep quiet so I wouldn’t embarrass myself.

The only people I know who abuse their ADHD medication are people who don’t actually have ADHD. They can function perfectly fine without it. Us - the people on this sub and myself -, on the other hand, well, we’re a different bunch. We take our pills every day as prescribed and we go about our lives as normal people who can now function. 

So you can try the Strattera route if that’s what you really want, but I wouldn’t cross stimulants entirely off your option list. I would at least give them a try if I were you.

Source: I used to work in pharmacy and I’ve been diagnosed and dealing with the medication/insurance/side effect thing for 6 years now. 

Feel free to message me if you have any more questions. Stims are much more affective at treating ADHD then inhibitors. Inhibitors take longer to start working, and once they're on they're "constantly on". With stims they're on when you need it and can be off on your free days. (I personally love this fact because I find my ADHD to be helpful and interesting insome social situations just not for study or work environments) and if you're worried about addiction you should check out Vyvanse. It is different than other stimulants because other stims contain amphetamine salts (amphetamine and dextroamphetamine), whereas vyvanse contains lisdexamfetamine, which the body has to convert to dextroamphetamine before it is active. Because your body performs an active process rather then simply ingesting stimulants, this makes it much less likely to form a dependency. Also this process of breaking down the drug in the liver helps prevent typical super Euphoria high, then Crash that comes with certain drugs like adderal.
I would say the one downside to Vyvanse (which can be an upside too) is that is active for 12-14 hours where other stims are 4-6 hours. 

But that's just my two cents everybody has different opinions on which stimulants are best. Definitely go in get diagnosed and talk to your doctor to find what's best for you. It might take a little while to find the best one just be patient you'll get there we all have. 😁 Hi; your story resonated with my so much! I was diagnosed at 29 as ADHD-PI. I, too, feared taking stimulants for fear of addiction and expressed this to my psychiatric nurse. But she pushed for trying stims first, because they're an easy-in/easy-out type of drug that would let us know right away if they were working—as opposed to non-stimulants like Straterra that take a while to "build up." To be fair, I was also kind of spinning out of control and wanted to try the easiest way first.

I agreed to try a very low extended release dose of Adderall—as she told me that XRs have less potential for abuse. Over the last 10 months, we've continued tweaking the doseage, and I now take an IR booster in the afternoon, too.

Life has VASTLY improved in this time frame, and I've not once abused my medication. Not ONCE. And I have a history of somewhat addictive tendencies (which I was upfront about with the nurse), but these have actually been curbed thanks to my brain now working like it should for 11-12 hours a day. I just feel SO GOOD having my life together and being free of the ever-looming fog that I'd never want to risk that mental clarity by abusing the medication. 

I can definitely tell a huge difference between my medicated self and non-medicated self, which is kind of just an anxious, daydreaming, procrastinating tumbleweed... And I (and those around me) much prefer the medicated version. I will say that I'm now reliant on it to do the things necessary to keep my life from spiraling out of control again. But I definitely don't feel "addicted" in the sense that I want to keep upping my dose to chase a euphoric high or anything like that. 

Dosage seems to vary for everyone, but given that you've already established pretty successful bandaids (e.g., calendars, to-do lists), I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't need a *huge* amount of the drug to successfully quiet the noise and get back on track. Doctors will usually start off at an itty bitty dose. 

 Ya know, "annoying" just may be her true self revealed... :-)

I cannot take Strettera because I have a conductive delay in my heart beat - a non-issue for everything else, but apparently Strettera can exacerbate it. So I been using various stims to find the right approach. In general, they make me feel like... me.

And by that I mean focused, clear, engaged, interested. 

Love your main post - very much my story too. The shock of recognition when I first started learning about ADHD was amazing. Good luck.  Most stims prescribed to adhd'ers is methylphenidate not amphetamines like Adderall. Just FYI. The whole deal is to get the low dopamine level in the adhd brain up near a more neurotypical level.  I take Strattera because I have unmanageable side effects on stims. That said, I’d absolutely recommend trying stimulants. For as long as I could tolerate them, they were life-changing in a good way. 

You have ADHD for real. Don’t worry about addiction to stimulants. At your prescribed dose, it’s just not a thing. I never had cravings for them when I stopped them, or anything resembling withdrawal.  Almost lawyer here and I was on strattera for several months, upping the dose every month or so. It was great for my brain but made me so so sick I had to stop taking it. Stupidly I thought I was getting food poisoning because it felt the same, took me a while to realize it was the strattera. Beware of nausea, vomiting, intense stomach pains. It became unbearable around 40mg. Hope this doesn't happen to you, but just wanted you to be aware!! 

Lawyer edit: worst pains of my life happened during my 8 hour federal courts take home exam 😑... Not good. On small dose of Ritalin now and don't feel any of the anxiety I was worried about.  I was on Strattera when I was first diagnosed in college. That semester was the first time in my life I ever got straight A’s.  Strattera isn’t bad at all! I have taken concerta and adderall xr, and I still prefer Strattera. I also have an inattentive form of adhd. The stimulants made me feel unlike myself, I felt that the productivity and focus they provided was no worth the aggressive and feeling of being constantly on edge.  I don’t have experience with Strattera but my daughter had to try 3 meds before finding the right one. My only advice is to not hang your hat on one medication, there’s a variety out there and you just have to find the right fit. 

Your realization and understanding is a wonderful first step!! I have inattentive type too and adderall doesn’t make me like that. I wonder if it effects different types slightly differently. I guess it made me like that initially, but as my body adjusted, I evened out a lot more. 

Stimulants changed my life. I liked to cross stitch before the meds, but I could never sit and do it for long and had very few projects finished. Now, I can go for hours and I have a ton of finished works. I don’t have panic attacks at work as much anymore (loud music combined with customers and coworkers needing help, and also having a walkie talkie earpiece in, and ALSO usually having a task...I broke down a lot because I couldn’t focus or ignore anything and I got overwhelmed) and my anxiety in general is better, which is funny since it’s a stimulant and usually they provoke anxiety. 

But yeah if you don’t seem to get much from non stimulants, it’s worth it to at least try a stimulant, just to see. 

Good luck and welcome to the club!  Stims affect those of us with ADHD differently, but by all means, don't do something that doesn't make you comfortable. I've been in strattera, it always made me throw up so I went back to 20mg Vyvanse & an anti depressant.

Talk to a psych! We're great for pointing you in the right direction but ultimately the decision comes down to you and someone qualified to sign a prescription.

And before you ask, you've got your shit together an impressive amount (I'm impressed anyways.)

Good luck and be nice to yourself. Strattera just has a lot more potential side effects (some go away after a couple weeks) and isn't quite as strong as a stimulant. But if it works for you, it's nice because it works the same all the time (instead of a stimulant which is more up and down and wears off at night). It takes a lot longer to work completely tho, like 4-6 weeks once your at the right dose. For me it wasn't quite strong enough and messed up my sleep too much. But I think it has definite advantages too. As for addiction, I have been on Focalin for years and can stop/start taking it with no withdrawal symptoms of any kind. When I was younger I would stop taking it in the summer because my primary responsibility was school. Now as a college student I do take it year round because I have bills to pay, an apartment to keep clean, and appointments to make and remember. However, if I don't take it one day I don't notice any signs of having missed a dose.
 Never understood the whole addiction thing, I wish I didn’t need them. On days where I’m not studying I don’t touch them. 

The majority of adhd medications work differently, but have similar side effects. You just have to find what works for you So ADHD is caused by having too many DATs, in laymen's terms, these bring dopamine back where it came from when you're done using it. People with ADHD don't have low dopamine, it's just not going all the way where it needs to before your neurotransmitters go YOURE DONE WITH THIS RIGHT and take it back like a server in a restaurant ripping your plate of the table while you're still cutting into the steak. This shortens your short term memory and leads to a whole host of other issues.

Stimulants happen to reduce DATs. They're not a perfect treatment but they make it so that you can condition yourself more effectively so you can operate like someone without ADHD even when you are unmedicated. 

Some stimulants are more addictive and habit forming than others. Adderall and Ritalin for example. I'm on Vyvanse. My doctor says he has patients that have been on the same dose for years and years and not needed to change anything. One year in we found the sweet spot for dosage and I believe him. I have taken Ritalin and Vyvanse and I've seen how I would just feel compelled to take the Ritalin, so I stopped. The Vyvanse is great, I just take my one pill in the morning and I'm focused all day, that's it. I don't need more, and I skip taking my meds on my days off because it lets me see how well my conditioning is coming along and just gives me a break.

Before I got diagnosed, I was self medicating with coffee and energy drinks. It got the job done but I would get heart palpitations (because who *starts* their day by drinking four cups of coffee with four shots of espresso thrown in? Meeeee) when I would overdo it. It also led to self esteem issues because I could be a focused and competant me in one hour and then ADHD me when the caffeine wore off and the fog came back two hours later, and you can build a tolerance to caffeine quickly so I was always struggling with switching between brands of energy drinks trying to find one that still works. Trying to take 'breaks' so they get more effective again. Vyvanse makes it so I'm not switching gears anymore, I just am always in the middle gear and I can reach more easily for the high ones when needed. Plus, my doctor decided it would be better for me to be medicated than drink a minimum of four cups of coffee and two red bulls every day.

Stims aren't ideal but the right ones, monitored by a doctor are absolutely life saving. And if you can't take them, use coffee to your advantage. I am in a divorce where my husband stole my stimulant drugs. He’s an addict - I’m not. I have ADHD-PI - he does not. 
I’ve taken almost the same dose of Adderal for 20 years now. I consistently found the side effects of non-stimulates to be a major downfall. I wonder if your actually feeling some depression lift right now? Being unmediated with ADHD and 3 kids is a recipe for depression. I have 2 kids and I am certain 3 would break me. 
I truly hope you investigate the long acting stimulants - find a psychiatrist who knows how these drugs metabolize and who will make sure your on the lowest dose possible. I was able to lower my dose with Wellbutrin.  Stimulants are a safe drug when used therapeutically. They do not need time to build up, nothing bad happens if you skip days when you don’t need it and they leave your system quickly. Antidepressants are a crap shot - and have some really messed up side effects. 
Your friend is on too high a dose - or maybe she has anxiety or another mental illness that’s exacerbated by stimulants. The first time I took stimulants was like putting on glasses and having the world come into focus. It was a clarity and relief I never expected. You shouldn’t feel like your speedy, maybe euphoric a few weeks but that will dull out and is partially from the elation of being able to think straight for the first time. 
 You won’t become addicted. Promise. My 30 mg of vyvanse makes me feel like myself and be able to decide like a normal person. If I want to be productive. The opioid war will soon become the stimulant war thanks to take your pills. ( very bad documentary that didn’t get across the point) 
My suggestion is vyvanse bc everyone I’ve talked to has less side effects with it compared to adderall. 
Adderall can be abused, sniffing and I think you can mix it and inject it. But vyvanse can’t be abused in these ways. It has to be taken orally. Everybody responds differently to different meds. It's critical to work with your physician/psychiatrist to find the right med at the right dose. Don't be afraid to try changing to more, less, or a different stim. Everybody reacts differently and there isn't a single correct solution. Oh God, I hated Adderall. I've tried.... Many many meds.  Best for me has been concerta.  A lower dose.  I'm at 80% functionality in this low dose, but I really don't like stimulants.  So far this compromise of just a little and not too much has been great.  Correct (or lower) doses of stimulants makes you calmer, not hyperactive.   Sounds like your friend on Adderall is on too high of a dose.  I had that experience and hated it.  Taking my concerta each day is like putting on glasses. All of a sudden things are clearer and much easier to get through.  The difference is mind blowing.  Best if luck and congratulations on your self Discovery.  I'm so happy for you!:)
And PS- baby brain + three children + ADD = so hard, so hard, but it will get better as your brain when body adjust out of the not-growing-a-human-then-making milk stage!  Just takes awhile but I truly felt it was more significantly intense symptoms for myself and other moms with ADD than those without. Non-stims need to saturate in your system and make it where you're trapped in it until you're off of it for weeks. None of them really preserve your personality, which is why stims are nice. Because there's no crazy headachey withdrawal like there is with Strattera. After 2 or 3 days you're back to your old self. Strattera ... Mood changes so intense you begin to think that's just what life is like. Also extreme nausea, like fucking bad. And then it makes it so hard to piss that you're doing it all the time just because you can't go when you need to half the time. I felt kind of euphoric for about the first week in Adderall, and now I just feel normal most of the time. I still can't believe this is how most people live all the time and can't manage to do things that I used to struggle mightily with. It's not that they're easy now, but I can do things I have to if I try hard enough, when trying hard enough used to sing like a weird myth. I have PI, and I am not any more speedy. In fact, I’m much calmer and less prone to panic and anxiety. Being on Adderall makes me feel like me, for the first time in 32 years. Been on it a year, and I look back and wonder how I ever functioned. It’s not an addiction any more than someone taking thyroid meds, and I’m quoting my therapist. If stims won’t get you in trouble at work, I highly recommend trying them for at least two months after a diagnosis.  Different stims work differently for different people. When might make someone jittery and hyper can have a calming effect on another. 

I am 29yo professional and work in construction management which is crazy demanding and stressful. Plus add on that 3 kids and a husband that works a lot out of town, it’s hectic to say the least. 

I could have wrote your original post. I always felt like my brain was holding me back in school. I did well enough to pass and was a solid B-C student with As in classes I enjoyed. My work recently has been suffering and I had gotten a not so great review at my yearly review. 

I am on 40mg of Vyvanse and it is life changing. It may take a few tries to really find the dosage, type, and/or combination of meds that is right for you but it is worth it. 

My Brain feels quieter. Like all the static and noise that was in my head all the time in meetings and when I was trying to do a task is gone. It’s so easy to get my gears going and get into tasks, even if I get pulled away for something else. It is definitely something that could benefit you.  Thanks for the recommendation! The crying is from RELIEF and RECOGNITION like omg this is what’s been going on the whole time!  I hope I expressed that, but if I didn’t, I’m sorry.  Bit of a work harder, not smarter situation. Understanding your ADHD brain rather than forcing yourself to do what works for neuro-typical individuals. Glad I’m not alone! Ha! Funny thing is that I work with college students now and I used to give them advice on the assumption that my college experience was normal just to realize later that they were perfectly capable of studying and didn’t share my issues at all. I was thinking “you mean they just decide to study and... like... actually study? And they just... do their homework?” It was mind-blowing.   Well, someone with a degree in chemistry would be called a chemist in both places, BUT ”chemist” is the common word used for pharmacists in the UK, so when you say “chemist” there most people would assume you mean some person who handles prescriptions.  Caffeine is a stimulant that many ADHD people in place of (or in my case, in addition to) stimulant medication, so it isn't abnormal in ADHD people at all. A lot of lawyers do much worse than coffee ! Still overcoming it every day haha but thank you I really do appreciate it! I tried Strattera first when I was diagnosed about 6 months ago for the same reason, but also because I was afraid my anxiety wound worsen. I found it to be somewhat helpful but the side-effects were intolerable. During vigorous physical activity (including sex), I would become extremely nauseous and throw up. Not sure if this is a common reaction but it stopped as soon as I stopped taking it. I'm now on an anti-depressant to deal with anxiety (which is a primary cause of my addiction issues), and am planning with my psychiatrist to start adderall once I find the right dose/type of SSRI. I'm not really concerned with becoming addicted anymore, I just want to come out of the fog. My doctor described Vyvanse as non addictive. He said that if you wanted to snort or shoot up Vyvanse, it wouldn’t work like other stims can. It can’t cross the blood brain barrier until it has been digested and processed. It’s also water soluble and can be excreted out of the system quickly and doesn’t build up in you. 

I have avoided drugs like the plague but I couldn’t ignore the effect my adhd was having on my work and home life. Since taking them, it has been life changing.  Fair enough! I guess it's more stuff to talk about in an existing conversation then... :-) this is me being super nosy.... but if you don't mind, can i ask about therapy? like, now that you know that you have ADHD, does it sort of shift how you've thought of your experiences in therapy?

i ask because i'm also in my early 30s, was a "smart kid" within my peer group, & did well in elementary school, high school, & college. unlike you, i haven't been quite so successful in the workplace (i really have a thing with bosses who don't follow the rules or have a strong moral/ethical code, & that makes working for other people really hard for me)... anyway, i've been in & out of counseling since i was 11 for a total of probably 10 years altogether. for the most part, it has helped a lot in dealing with some trauma i experienced when i was younger, but i find myself (1) just collecting tools from the therapist/being more interested in learning the psychology vs. actually implementing it [like, i know what i should do but have trouble actually doing it], & (2) being really externally motivated by the therapist. like, i enjoy painting but don't do it that often because it's just a lot of work to get started. my last counselor was really supportive of me painting, though, so i would find myself being like, "welp, i gotta do a painting so i can show X at my appointment on friday!" as if the appointment were a deadline & my self-care were an assignment that i had been putting off & still needed to do. it wasn't really just with painting, though; in general, i behaved in healthier ways because i wanted to be able to give my counselor a good report.

anyway, i'm rambling! my boyfriend & i have started to seek better treatment for his ADHD-PI, so i've been reading a lot of books & have been shocked at how much i've been seeing *myself* reflected in the material. & so i'm just curious to hear more about your experience with counseling if you're willing to share. No, that is my point... On the bright side, we’re not alone and there is hope. I’m getting myself diagnosed as soon as I have the money for it bc I can’t live life like this knowing there might be a way to actually manage this utter chaos in my head. Anyway, thank you so much for sharing your story and good luck on your journey! Hugs xxx * You have been talking with your doctor about how you function.
* It became apparent that you are dealing with ADHD.
* When someone else is looking at a little river and a path in the woods, we see every twig and leaf, the sounds of the river and a car a half mile away, and a network of a million branches and leaves inn the canopy overhead, all at once.
* When someone speaks to us, we are trying to listen, while our heads are spinning with the fact that their belt is off-center a little bit, we're running out of toilet paper and at the same time remembering something funny that happened yesterday.
* We are not unintelligent, nor careless - we are just in a million places at once - not by habit but by brain structure/function
* Medication that would have most people off like they had 4 cups of coffee can help quiet our secondary thoughts
* You need his support while you try to find the right meds and dosage that will hopefully help you reduce the chaos in your life Concerta. It kinda works, but only sometimes, and when it doesn’t work I’m anxious and jittery on top. It’s only been a few weeks though, and I’m trying a different dosage this week. Fingers crossed.  I'd like to know too. There's a right med for you--but it may not be the one you're on. My parents are both Attorney’s they met in law school lmao. Helped much? Is it working? Zoloft is a serotonin reuptake inhibitor, where as Wellbutrin works on norepinephrine. If you have ADHD, it’s possible your depression isn’t caused by a lack of serotonin, as much as it is by the low dopamine and norepinephrine. Especially for inattentive type, which lacks the physical hyperactivity. Or even possibly that the ADHD has resulted in a lot of despair because of constant struggle. There’s a lot of possibilities to consider if you just found out you have ADHD, because anxiety and depression frequently go hand in hand.  [deleted] I usually end up with a stomachache and a little bit shaky I used to have a corporate-commercial law practice and now I work as in-house counsel.  Litigation was never an option for me because of the unpredictable schedule.  I was sure I’d  be sitting at my desk and realize I was supposed to be in motions court 5 minutes ago, all the time. Or show up at the wrong court house.  Or forget to file something within a deadline.  I had to do some litigation while I was articling and will never forget a dream I had where clients showed up at my office to walk over to the courthouse for their trial and I had totally forgotten and hadn’t prepared anything and woke up in a sweat. 

There can be a lot of repetitive drafting in my role and I can’t really offer any tips or solutions.  I use white noise (a space heater) *and* stream classical music through headphones to get myself to focus on the things that I don’t want to do and have been putting off forever but it doesn’t always work.   Ok, mate.  My apologies.  Your situation is different from the one I was concerned about.

Hope you keep kicking ass with atomoxetine.  All the best. That was one of the things that really scared me up until I got diagnosed. I always thought there was a high chance I'd leave my future kid somewhere just like I left my wallet in the airport or my keys everyday. I was driving my wife up the wall. Life changed when my son was born and when I got treatment beforehand. What a difference it all makes! Oh yeah that's probably important, I'm male. If you're female you should still check up on the side effects though. I also found Getting Things Done did not help, and neither did Organizing Solutions for People with ADHD. The fact if he matter is most women with ADHD have strong coping mechanisms and structures for organization until they are older in life (from college to having kids), the point at which those break down. 

Re: readings, I suggest Women with Attention Deficit Disorder by Sari Solden and any recent books by Dr Russell Barkley. I have also suggested Scattered by Gabor Maté, but I’m beginning to understand he is a better reading recommendation for ADHD adults with more serious addiction/substance abuse problems (as is the case in my family). 

Also: the wiki for this subreddit has been super helpful to me in even just the past week. I’m actually in the middle of a post about ADHD subtypes because the shared resources have led me to a deeper understanding about their nature—which has been my current research focus (I, too, am inattentive presentation and I want to know what that means, really). Classification itself is fascinating to me and always drives me to deep dives. 
>You don't actually feel like you're on anything.

YMMV. Theraputic doses are definitely not as dangerous as street drugs, but there are noticeable side effects with most, and some can be more noticeable or irritating to some people. OP should definitely get a diagnosis and get with a doctor for a treatment plan though. I'm currently off medication for the summer (I'm a student and I don't want to pay copays, and taking a break helps with the tolerance for when school starts again), but just having taken medication in the past is tremendously helpful. I can see my faults and compensate with behaviors better than I could before meds. Taking medication for the first time was like seeing with glasses for the first time. "Oh, *that's* what everyone else is experiencing!" >It actually lowers your chances of developing a substance abuse problem as you will likely self-medicate if don't get on the right meds.

I actually completely stopped drinking when I started my stimulants. I used to drink 1-3 generously poured glasses of wine every night and got grumpy if I couldn’t get it. My first week on stimulants, it was about 4-5 days in that I realized I hadn’t thought about drinking since I started them. It’s been like...a year and a half now? And I still don’t drink anymore. I’ll have some wine socially but I don’t like to drink alone anymore/I don’t get anything out of it. 

It was weird, but amazing! I was definitely developing a problem (my mom is an alcoholic too so it’s scary; I have a feeling she might be the combined type but she’s never been tested so who knows) and it’s nice to not have to worry about it anymore.  I'll second this. I'm on ubifen at 20mg (lowest therapeutic dose I think) and I don't really feel anything different except that shit actually gets done somehow. Also, it seems to help with my mood regulation, which is an awesome bonus.  I work in mental health field, both children and adults.  I have yet to have someone tell me Strattera works well or without crappy side effects.  Stimulants do generally work better, but everyone’s different.  Strattera, from my experience, can make some people incredibly irritable.  Go to a psychiatrist with experience in adult ADHD.  Some medical or other psych problems can overlap symptoms of ADHD, but you need a psych to figure it out.   I get what you're saying with the opiates but yes, I actually would refuse the pain killers for exactly that reason. There's also evidence that pain killers reduce your overall pain tolerance. So you take them to reduce pain, and you try to go off them but it hurts more so you take more. Just gimme the pain. > addiction is not an issue at therapeutic doses.

Which, funnily enough, can be way higher than would a sane person would take to get high. I absolutely believe my friend has ADHD.  Like, no question.  But she is totally speeded out on stims.  Other people who know nothing about her diagnosis have asked me if she’s on drugs. 

I fear addiction and really don’t want stims if I can help it.  

It’s 8:30 A.M.  I took Strattera at 6:30.  I have already done a load of laundry, a load of dishes, showered and dressed myself, and gotten three kids ready for daycare.  I feel weirdly accomplished compared to a normal morning.  Remains to be seen whether it’s really working or this is a placebo thing.  I don’t know.   I'm chatty when my meds kick in. Usually the worst that happens is me and my husband have a great chat before I go to work, or I comment on a lot of stuff on Facebook, or I write huuuuge well articulated comments on r/relationships

Honestly I don't mind it. I don't think it's too obnoxious. The chattiness usually wears off by the time I get to work and I've had some really great talks with the hubs because of it. Or when I write a small essay to help someone with a problem they're having (because it's a problem I've had) and I actually process my own issues and sort of resolve them internally at the same time. It's actually been great for me, and I like to inagine there's a chance it helps someone else too

Embrace the chattiness! “anxious, daydreaming, procrastinating tumbleweed”

Well, if THAT doesn’t hit the nail on the head... Thank you.  Being kind to myself is something I've always struggled with.  I'm much more likely to cut someone else a break than myself. I hope everything gets back on track for you. With kids, you need Valium too. 😂. Wellbutrin is an absolute lifesaver and I’ve been on it for years. It almost deals with the impulsive and unorganized symptoms but won’t help the inattentive ones. Glad to see the community embrace Wellbutrin for ADHD. It was completely an accident for me. I have had to add a stim in addition but was able to lower the WB dosage simultaneously. Good luck  I am not worried about seeking alternate routes of administration.  I have never sniffed or injected anything, and I'm not about to start now.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI So weird!! I literally ONLY studied (sometimes) the night before exams or morning of in undergrad. Somehow got a 3.2 GPA. After diagnosis+treatment I went back to take premed courses (now a med student) and got a 4.0. It was astounding how effective treatment was... I’d never realized that other people could study ahead of time!! Oh, gotcha. Didn't know that. Thanks.  Right?  I have a lawyer friend who just had a stroke in his early 50s, and let’s just say I have my suspicions.  One day at a time, as they say! Given that I’m relatively new to all this, I don’t know.  Most recently I’ve done EMDR for childhood trauma but didn’t get done with it.  Much of my counseling has been about my inability to make decisions...which may or may not be related to ADHD.  Thanks for the concern. I’m on Concerta, and it feels like it works sometimes but not all the time. It’s only been a little over two weeks, so I’m happy to give it time. I’m upping my dose for the next two weeks (doctor supervised), so I’m waiting to see what effect that has.  With depression and anxiety, sure...but with convincing me to get off my butt and do something?  Not really.  You may be on to something there.  The depression started as postpartum depression when life just became completely unmanageable for me after the birth of my second child.  But maybe that's because it was a turning point for me in terms of my inattention, which Zoloft helped until I added another kid to the mix?  I love my children.  I feel like I'm blaming them but that's not it at all.  One of the major reasons I started looking into ADHD was reading an article by a mom who was soooooo irritable with her kids until her ADHD was medicated.  My girls are awesome but they're a three-ring circus, too. Yes, I’m on the generic version.  My 30 day Rx was $7.  I am living this litigation nightmare myself.  A client texted me yesterday asking about her hearing today...and I was like, WHAT HEARING OMG OMG?!?!?  But it turned out she had the date wrong.  

I haven’t missed court yet but that doesn’t mean it can’t happen.  I keep an intense and accurate paper calendar (tried electronic but didn’t work because I never saw things until the day of).

I often feel I am swimming upstream.  side-effects - yes. Feeling 'high', generally no.  Y'all I'm crying I wish I could get meds :,,,,,,,)  As someone that took oxycodone for a pinched nerve in their neck I can confirm the reduction of pain tolerance. Although, I can also confirm that when your pain level is a 9/10 you're going to take the meds! :P That's a silly reason. It's medicine. Stop buying into the stigma wat? opposite. People take in a day to get high what we take over months Again, about your friend, I don’t doubt that she has ADHD, but it’s entirely possible that she is on a dose that is too high.

And I’m happy that Strattera seems to be working for you. ADHD is not so much about medication as it is building a routine. Medicine, non-stim and stim alike, will allow you to follow a better routine if it is the correct medicine for you.

ADHD drugs are notoriously tricky to prescribe correctly on the first try though. Many people on this sub have tried countless medications and different doses of each one. Whether they took it at this time of day. Whether they’ve eaten. Or gotten enough sleep. It all effects how you perceive your medication to be working. Doesn’t help that doctors really have no idea what they’re prescribing and are hesitant to prescribe ADHD meds. It can take years to actually find something that works for you. From personal experience, stimulants have worked wonders. I think the statistic is something like an 80&#37; effectiveness in patients. As far as addiction, it's incredibly addictive for people without ADHD. Since our brains our different and process it differently, it is much less addicting. 

For my stimulant medication, it is really subtle. I really don't notice a difference, until I realize I am focusing on one thing. I just feel myself, except much more. I feel like a real person who isn't always in their head.

Non-stimulants work great too. A lot of people in the beginning have the "is it working or is it placebo?" worry. I would recommend trying to meditate daily, even if only 5 minutes a day. Meditating while on medication versus non-medicated is a night/day difference and will help you realize if the medication is working.  She may be on too high of a dose. I definitely have an addictive personality. I even struggled with a very serious pain killer addiction when I was younger. But I have never had an issue with abusing stimulants. I'm very aware of the danger though. I don't drink, I don't take pain meds, and I set a reminder on my phone of when to take my ADD medicine. I was on Adderall for many years, but switched to Ritalin recently. I'm actually planning to switch back though because Ritalin makes me sleepy...lol. That being said, if the Straterra helps, then stick with it. If Straterra is working for you, and you don't want to try stims, then you don't have to. Sure, they work better for some people, and have maybe undesirable side effects in others (such as your friend evidently). 


Personally, I started off on Strattera same as you when I was first diagnosed back in Dec at a low dosage for a week, and then higher dosage, and then 5mg focalin (which is a relatively small dosage) about a month or 2 later. Strattera was helpful for me in the sense that it helped me "slow down" almost and stay calmer, which allowed me to be more organized, but the stims made me way more productive, if that makes sense. 

Mostly now, I feel "normal", and the biggest thing I notice when I take strattera is the side effects, which were really bad the first week (nausea, chills, and other problems which might not apply to you, since it sounds like you're a female), but most of those went away after 2-3 weeks. Now, I just feel waves of nausea occasionally when I take it (taking it with chocolate milk helps with that a ton though for some reason), but I think it's because I forget to take my meds regularly, so my body gets readjusted to not having it, and then reacts poorly when it gets reintroduced, but as long as I'm regular, it's not an issue. 


My advice would be to take your time, see how your current meds work out, and understand that this isn't a quick fix that you need to figure out right away. Take your time, especially if you're seeing  improvement, but also understand that perhaps there might be even better solutions out there (ie, stims) that could be an option if you want to try later. Maybe see how Strattera goes and if you feel the effects wearing off, perhaps ask your doctor about combining a small dosage of stims along with Strattera or switching altogether? 

Ultimately, the choice is yours, if you don't feel comfortable taking stims, then screw what everyone else here is saying or what your Dr is saying, and go with what you're comfortable with. You've already survived 34 years with no help at all, so the way I see it, if you aren't comfortable trying something new, don't. 

That said, I agree with everyone else about the addiction thing being pretty safe. I forget to take my meds all the time, including the stims, so you would think that if I was addicted, I wouldn't forget, right? But again, everyone's different, and the most important thing is how much you trust yourself and your support group around you (Drs/family/friends/SO) to keep you in check just in case That's not a placebo. That's exactly how Strattera is supposed to work. I took Concerta (extended release Ritalin) for 10 years and just switched to Strattera. Strattera works by constantly being in your bloodstream and gently changing your behavior over time. Stimulants, on the other hand, show an immediate effect and you can take breaks from them, unlike Strattera. The first thing I noticed on it was that I was able to get out of bed in the mornings easily and go to bed easily at night. Both things had been torture for me for years, especially waking up and getting moving the morning. Also, there's a saying on this sub: "If you can't make something (dopamine) yourself, store-bought is fine too." There's absolutely no shame in needing needing medication for your body to work right, just like a Type 1 diabetic needs insulin shots to digest glucose. We're all here to help you too! :) I started striterra 4 months along with a new job and school. The difference is night and day where before I could barely focus on school work now I can sit down and write a paper for 2 hours no problem. I wish I had started it years ago but stims are not the answer for everyone and it sounds like you much like me already had coping skills like journals, lists, alarms and etc. 

If it works stick with it and have them keep bumping up the dose till it's right I've been on 80mg for 2 months and stopping here. My wife and boss noticed a huge difference when I started ( I let my work know I was doing it) 

 Medication affects different people so differently. When I tried Adderall, I had trouble getting off my couch, so I was totally at the opposite end of the spectrum. Sounds like your friend is having a weird response to Adderall and maybe it’s not the right choice for her.  Lol, ain't it the truth. 🙌

I hope you figure out a med combo that works for you, no matter what it is. The diagnosis is a huge step and I'm happy that you now have answers! 

Also, I have *major* respect for you—a law degree?! 3 kids?! Those are HUGE feats, even without ADHD—and I hope you don't underestimate how awesome and strong you are for juggling things as long as you did. 

The journey gets easier now!

PS: FWIW, I've also found my phone in the freezer. 😶🙈 I would get a pill case that doesn’t look like a pill case so no one will mess with your medicine.  Mines been stolen before. Good luck! #### [Failing at Normal: An ADHD Success Story | Jessica McCabe | TEDxBratislava](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI)
##### 514,257 views &nbsp;👍21,237 👎226
***
Description: Jessica McCabe tell us the story of her life. Once a gifted child with bright future, who later lives a life of a constant failures, because one thing...

*TEDx Talks, Published on Oct 9, 2017*
***
^(Beep Boop. I'm a bot! This content was auto-generated to provide Youtube details. Respond 'delete' to delete this.) ^(|) [^(Opt Out)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/wiki/index) ^(|) [^(More Info)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/) sorry! i didn't realize your diagnosis was *new* new & feel like what i wrote would be more appropriate to share/ask in like 6+ months. :)

anyway, i'm glad that things are starting to make more sense to you with treatment/medication & that you found this reddit community. it sounds like you're starting to cut yourself some serious slack, & it must be such a relief to finally have explanations for your struggles that serve you better than *i'm defective.* 

i hope that if/when you tell your husband about the new path you've set out upon, he'll be supportive & understanding. (you don't really have to tell him anything right this second if you don't want to, right? you can process first, see what's what with the medication, etc.) my guess is that if the meds are working for you, he'll likely notice, & that if/when you tell him anything, a few light bulbs might go off for him, too. That’s not your fault, lack of ‘motivation’ is a BIG symptom of ADHD. If you can’t motivate yourself to read a bunch of books on ADHD (lord knows I can’t!) talk to as many specialists and people who have it as possible, they can really help.

Also tell a few trusted friends about it, I’ve got friends who kind of ‘prompt’ me into getting help with it.

I got diagnosed a year back and started Vyvanse two months ago, now I’m trying to get all the help and advice I can. These last couple months my life has started to turn around dramatically! It’s still a struggle but everything is getting better in ways I could never have imagined.

Keep your chin up! You’ve made it through the hard part, if you let it everything gets easier from here! :) Each kid requires a certain amount of attention. If you are already at an attention deficit, then you aren’t working with much. So the depression can be related to feeling inadequate for what’s expected of you, as well as being constantly frustrated by having attention demanded from you when you are just trying to get by. It’s a lot.  Generally, that's right. Vyvanse was real bad for me. But that's a very rare edge case, and it's nothing like street drugs still. Why can't you?  Why can't you get meds? Maybe my info is just wrong, but I have read that you can get a “high” off MPH as a normal person with 10–20 mg. I’m taking 80/day in 3 doses and would take more it that weren’t the official highest dose here and anything more is loads of administrative work for the doctor. Well, in that respect, I suppose I’m really lucky because my prescriber is my friend and will listen to me and make adjustments if needed.  I'm one of the 20&#37; that meds do absolutely nothing for. I've tried most of them. I just have to put my head down and battle through it.  
I WISH it were as easy as popping a pill for me! Reading books is the easy part.  I love to read.  I read voraciously.  Implementing what's in the books, however...well, you know the rest. I do SO MUCH better with my kids one-on-one.  What I've been doing lately is farming two of them out on my husband while I take the other one off in the other room to talk, color, do a puzzle, whatever.  (Obviously, I'm not saying it's always the same one.  I rotate.)  When it's all three of them, I get really overwhelmed with all the noise and activity and it makes me feel so guilty because they're just kids and it's not their fault. Thank you for saying this!  Parents won't let me get diagnosed :( My parents refuse to believe that I have ADD and won't let me get properly diagnosed :/ assuming you mean methylphenidate. If so, people don't take that recreationally because at doses above 120mg the side-effects become intolerable and it isnt very recreational at any dose. 

But no. Normal people and adhd people react the same to stims so not sure what you mean. Some ADHD people have an opposite reaction to stims but it isnt a requirement Adderal is 75% dextroamphetamine, which stimulates dopamine production, and 25% levoamohetamine which stimulates norepinephrine (adrenaline) production. 

It may very well be that your friend does not need that Adrenalin. Adderal made me just like your friend and upped my anxiety and raciness terribly... but vyvanse (dextroamphetamine only) is absolutely amazingly calming and clears the confusion and noise in my head without jacking me up.

Do yourself a huge favor and study up on all the interventions you can make but study hardest on the pharmacology of these drugs (luckily, there are very few for this disorder and they are decidedly more effective than nearly all other psych drugs for other disorders). 

Listen to the anecdotal testimonies you find here. 
I can tell you for sure that most doctors and even psychiatrists are woefully under informed (despite their egos’ opinions) about ADHD and the medications that treat it. 

Use those lawyering study skills and educate the hell out of yourself. Advocate for what you know is the right treatment for you... you will be far less likely to get it if you don’t.  Haha yeah, I think I was projecting there a bit! I love reading and have to do it a fair bit for my masters, but if I don’t have to read a book right away I won’t touch it for months We do this too...  I've been wearing ear muffs when my young daughter has a screaming fit to not get overwhelmed.  No problem! It happens. 

It's great that you're paying attention though. You can make a lot of progress in understanding how manage  your symptoms and developing good habits. And someday you'll be an adult and you'll be able to try medications yourself.

You never know though, I'm almost 30 and I haven't found medication combo that works for me. Co-morbid anxiety means stimulants usually make me panic. 

I guess my point is medication can be great, but mindfulness is the foundation. > Normal people and adhd people react the same to stims

Uhm, no? Norepinephrine is not adrenaline.  It is noradrenaline.  Epinephrine is adrenaline.  Yeah, I've been trying to focus more on improving my discipline and time management to manage my symptoms. Planning on getting diagnosed as soon as I get to college :) Um, yes. That's like thinking from the 1980s which has been debunked.  “Nor” simply means you are making it in your body. It’s all adrenaline. 

This is a pretty unnecessary splitting of hairs that serves no useful purpose in this discussion. But thanks for being so incredibly correct. 

 I find it pretty disturbing that that was your only take away from what I wrote to you.  I have a hard time believing that stimulants generally calm you down. Noradrenaline and adrenaline are completely different compounds, although they are chemically similar.  My bachelor’s degree is in psychology with a focus in neurobiology.  I got distracted by the falsehood and to some extent that made everything else you said less reliable.  But I intend to look further into your other claims. They don't calm anyone down. Reactions which appear so are simply the brain no longer having to seek activity elsewhere. If the front part of your brain works you wont need to shake your leg as a subconscious coping mechanism to get it to work - for example. “Falsehood”. ??? 

Really??? They are “chemically similar” enough for your resistance to hear the truth about these drugs to be nothing but a ridiculous, ego-driven pursuit of some sort of intellectual superiority. 

Your arrogance is not going to serve you well in this journey of self-understanding.

Good luck. 