Impulsive Too impulsive.
Want a violin? just load up one on the net, click buy, it will be here in days. 
Days pass. The Violin arrives. Drive to learn the violin still exists, but it will be stacked next to countless other impulsive purchases made under similar cricumstances.

"Would it not be fun to become skilled at this somewhat obscure hobby? Perhaps if the necessary accouterments were acquired one could uncover an un-discovered latent talent and thereby become famous--thus revealing new and clear direction in life."

All the while the surroundings are populated with half finished tasks. Their completion would spell far more immediate satisfaction. 

There is a strange gap here. 
**TL:DR**The far off future of complex dreams is more real than the immediate future of simple chores.  My latest tactic is to move the items into the “for later” list in my amazon cart. That way I’m not impulsively buying but I’m also not forgetting the stuff I actually might need later (especially if I’ve spent hours and hours “researching” and reading reviews to find the “perfect” brand 😁)  Duuude. I just looked at my credit card balance and it's $1000 higher than I expected. Reviewing recent history... yup that was me... yup, impulse purchase... yup, OK necessary but I forgot I did that... yup... FML I’m the same. I decided I was going to make a throw rug, and bought $200 of cotton piping. This was 2 years ago and it’s still in the box. I rented violins for 2 years and didn’t touch them once. The list goes on. Violin is great. Try learning Ashoken Fairwell, and then decide how you feel after you succeed. It wouldn't hurt to pick one song a week or month. Just learn 1 song, and you'll be freaking amazed. The skills will transfer. For some people it takes 7 years to sound good. For my sister it took simply touching it twice. I had been practicing for 6 months already and she totally whooped my ass. Check out Lindsey Stirling. I don't think it took her that long. Music does good stuff to the brain. Connects both halves.  It isn't effortless, but it is fulfilling. And.... unfortunately because so few people play violin they will think it's great, and you are amazing at a basic level. Conversation starter. Maybe an in to a new group of people. Be obsessed for a few months if you want, there is no law for self expression.

The Suzuki method is very, very good for learning if you haven't been given a natural nack, or want a book and CD. 

But then again, I want to learn cello. I want a white electric violin. I don't play instruments like other people do. Been playing piano for 19 years. I'm 21. I hear how it should go, and it's like speaking. I don't give myself crazy rules. I do it, until it sounds like how I feel.  I can even change my voice like an instrument now. I hear of its on pitch, or off pitch. Music has become a predictable language. It's just me, expressing myself with any instrument I can. All ADHDers need a creative outlet to avoid S.P.I.N. Making music is the only hobby I've never tired from.

SHAME, PESSIMISM, ISOLATION, AND NO CREATIVE OUTLET- Dr. Barkley. Lol this is why I am now the proud owner of a banjo, a flute, 3 ukuleles, an ocarina, a harmonica, and a viola. 

I can't play any of them.  My first step has been funneling my impulses to cheaper hobbies. I don’t exactly have the spare cash or even credit to get into fancier stuff anymore, but I find I can sometimes satisfy the impulse with cheaper $10-$20 things. Ie: adult coloring books and getting pens/pencils at Michaels for decent prices with coupons (I did actually do a fair bit of coloring before I moved on!) 

Bullet journaling- while pens and stickers can add up, I don’t let myself get multiple notebooks and I tried to always use coupons at Michaels, especially for some of the initial pen sets. And now if I get individual pens, I just get one or two. 

I don’t actually bullet journal (my life it turns out is a little too predictable to need a detailed journal lol). But I’ve loved pens and notebooks my whole life so I still like to splurge on them. 

Also try and find used stuff when possible for hobbies! Lots of people who have lost interest or have no time and have to sell their stuff!  [deleted]  I find my impulse is always career goals and lifestyle + hobby related. I will just decide that suddenly I need a premium grammarly subscription so I can meet my full pitching / writing/ emailing potential for my career and then a month later I will just purchase a yoga subscription to improve my morning and night routine and fit in yoga into my day ( improve my lifestyle and health)  and two weeks goes by and I realize I have been buying a lot of kombucha so “why not make my own and save money?” $50 later buying  jars, tea, sugar and fruits etc and I’m sure I will save money down the road but it was mostly impulsive (as I sip apple pie kombucha) then my friend tells me hot yoga has changed her life and has lost 20lbs and I am like “I can commit to that” $93/month but yea I do enjoy it. 99% of my books are self-help, psychology or “dummy’s guide for _____” and I have only ever finished like 25% of them which I am even surprised by. So I decided to “let go” and purge my stuff only to redirect my obsession to online subscriptions, communities, podcasts, videos and any “helpful” media I can store in my “watch later/ read later/ do later” folder that is my cell phone. I am a member on Skillshare and I have completed many classes but have I applied my learning ? NOPE! *sigh*  I hate how impulsive i am. Damn brain feels like i get a pre-briefing of whats going to happen after its happened. Delete the Amazon account.  Yep. My collection currently includes an ocarina, fabric scraps, appliqués, a steel drum, various beads and strings, several zippers, a mini iron, and a large pile of half-completed projects. >All the while the surroundings are populated with half finished tasks. Their completion would spell far more immediate satisfaction.

Am I the only ADHD'er that doesn't really get much satisfaction from cleaning or organizing, etc.? Family members and friends have shared with me they get this rewarding sense of accomplishment when they clean something of theirs and admire the look of their handiwork. I have never really felt that way, so I suppose that plays a big part in why I'm not as driven to do those tidying up type chores. tl;dr read Refuse to Choose, it will help.

I can so totally relate. One of the most liberating things was reading Barbara Sher's Refuse to Choose. I can't recommend it enough.

I used to beat myself up over "unfinished" tasks. I realized, though, that it was ok to work on something until *I* decided I was done.

Maybe I was only seeking proficiency. 

Maybe I just wanted a little recognition. 

Or I wanted to understand some thing a little better. 

Or I wanted a creative outlet without actually doing the hard detail work. 

Or I wanted to satisfy my curiosity to a certain point. 

And so on. Once I achieved those things I wasn't interested and gave up the hobby or stopped the project.

The book helped me uncover what my true goals were and see that I *had* achieved them and then stopped.

Most helpful was learning that I could satisfy my desire for creativity by keeping ideas in a journal and playing on paper and in my head.

I didn't need to *start* a new project. I could just *think* about it and move on, no guilt, no cost, no piles of stuff, no sense of failure. lol yes. I'm always coming across shit I forgot I bought when I had some fleeting interest or idea for a project. It pays off sometimes, but all those other times, it's just freaking expensive. And I just hate the idea of not indulging in my interests. I’m in my overdraft and can’t afford rent, but did that stop me buying unnecessary purchases today? Nope ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Delete the Amazon account.  I was proud of myself. A few months ago I really thought about buying a scooter. I was ready to buy but i made myself wait. The next day i told myself no I already have to many random things that ive bought and never used again. Its passed at this point and im glad i didnt do it.  I just ordered a flute FML.. ebay is my best friend, I spend about €40 a week buying random computer parts from there, helps keep my occoupied and does make me feel happy for a little while anyway! Do you want to buy my piano? That's a good trick. I have 387 items in the saved for later bin.  I learned trick after I spent £2,500 on clothes on ASOS over a period of a few months. The save for later section is a god send. Needless to say I rarely want the item when later comes.  Can confirm. Oh, also many wish-lists... I just started doing this after I got like 2 packages a damn day for a week and almost every box I opened was a surprise. 

I think it’s like 65-80% effective for me, which my wallet appreciates.  :'( same here brother... same here... ENABLER!

I got a banjo, guitar, saz, bass, KORG device, and a xylophone already! And I thoughts I was bad with a guitar, flute and violin. I also want an ukelele and a piano. :( 
Can't play any either. 😂 I accept. Though i was cleaning before accepting this challenge, so im  half way (of course) i have sat down with my banjo so well say it is a fair fight I accept. Though i was cleaning before accepting this challenge, so im  half way (of course) i have sat down with my banjo so well say it is a fair fight THIS.  Zero satisfaction. It took me 4 hours to fold the bin of clean laundry I’ve been ignoring for over 2 weeks. It was terrible. The second I try to do something that isn’t “interesting” my brain pushes me to take a nap. 😭 hmm. 
Yeah, I can't Identify with that. Cleaning does feel like a success when it's finished, mostly because I think it's nice to have a clean room.  Thanks! Ill look into this. Thanks for the recommendation and words of experience  I could use a piano 😮 Certainly! 