ADHD Meds and Emotions Helloooo and good morning :)

 So, I started thinking about how my emotions, previous to starting ADHD medication, seemed to always be very intense, unstable, and/or sporadic. After, I became diagnosed and began taking medication, I noticed that I was able to have more control over my reactions and thoughts.
I could now think about situations more throughly and not just react instantaneously with my initial thought/emotion.  
This aspect used to ruin a lot of social interactions for me and would maintain my head fogged with excess alternative thoughts because my emotions would just take over and run a muck. 
This was a kind of situation (besides the forgetting things I was doing/thinking halfway through because random thoughts somehow would always win lol) I would find myself consistently dealing with before I began medication


So my question is:

- Did you notice any change to your emotions and how you handle them after starting to take medication? (As in do you feel it stabilizes them a bit)

- Have you found any coping mechanisms for these kind of situations to utilize when you're taking a break from meds?

Any answer would be super helpful to helping me understand all of it better. I also want to see if I am the only one that feels this way. 
Thanks peeps 😁 My family and I were just talking about this very thing regarding me at lunch yesterday. I too do better controlling my emotions and outbursts with my medication and overall for me I am a better person so you are not alone.

As for “taking a break” from the medication that is probably not a good idea. I tried that this past week because there will be a small gap between my prescription refill and my next doctors appointment and I will be honest “the break” did not workout for me at all. I felt the chaos come rushing back as my first dose (20 mg methylphenidate twice a day for me) wore off and I had to take that second dose ASAP just to keep control at work.

Do your best not to take those breaks because the breaks will do more harm than good. 

For me I have a plan of skipping a afternoon dose when I am not at work so I stretch the meds I have to cover the gap. In my state the drug I am on can only be filled once every 30 days due to state law and the drug being deemed a class one narcotic.

Hope my little rant helped. [deleted] I haven’t noticed much difference, but my SO says I’m less grumpy, and I think I’m a bit less anxious?  >As for “taking a break” from the medication that is probably not a good idea. I tried that this past week because there will be a small gap between my prescription refill and my next doctors appointment and I will be honest “the break” did not workout for me at all. I felt the chaos come rushing back 

I understand you ohhhh so well on this. I did try taking a break from my second dose for about a day and a half (for the same exact reason, to stretch my meds before I could get my refill) and the same old scenarios started happening. My reactions/emotions became overwhelming and I started seeing old habits of transperant erupting emotion come back way too quick.

Thanks for your response it really helped me more than you think. 
 I thought I was the only one, for a good amount of time, that had emotional change due to medication. 
There aren't many posts on here (at least that I've seen) that address it so your reply definitely brings me relief 😅 Yeah, I recently was able to get back on my medication and didn't get a full prescription because they wanted to do a trial so I can come back and tell him about it. 

The next appointment was delayed for longer than I had pills so I was taking them every other day.  Do not do this! It's like disk thrashing your computer. So I've been off them until the days leading up until my next appointment. 

🤕🤕 What a great response! Thank you for this, as a late in life woman (lol) with an as yet undiagnosed case of ADD/ADHD I too had a similar response when I sat one day and lurked on this subreddit. I realized that the woman's responses and posts read a litttttlllle too close to home for me. After reading and re-reading posts and in between crying for hours on end after coming across the information about RSD (Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria) I realized that I belonged on this subreddit! 

Thanks for this information. 