Shout out to those who also forgot to take their medication this morning We (sorta) got this! I'm off it entirely during my first pregnancy. Two weeks into the second trimester and oh my god this better be worth it lol I just moved and dont have insurance yet... I have 1 pill left... Im choosing not to take it until i need it for a day that is super important that im at my tip top form. so does that fit into forgetting to take it? Sometimes I *deliberately* don't take it, because it makes me make responsible choices, removes my appetite etc. Sometimes I don't *want* to remove my appetite or make responsible choices, especially if I'm already in the mood to binge eat. 

It seems really backwards, because it's a really simple way to make my binge eating (and other problems) much easier to cope with... but when I'm not on meds, I'm not often in a mature or rational mindset. In those times, taking meds feels the same as if I were to phone my parents up and ask them to come round and supervise me.

That said, it's not a binary thing with the meds. I still struggle to do basically anything with my day (I recently read an article about doing 10k steps a day, and that 3k isn't really enough - I'm fairly sure I don't even breach one *hundred* steps most days...) when I'm on them, and sometimes I can be mature, motivated and focused even when I'm *not* on them. High five, from me. 

Ok, ok, I'm taking mine now.  Thank you for this reminder!!! Shoot I'm already out and about. At least there's still my afternoon dose!😎 Thanks, I already forgot though lol I've been jittery all day. I tried so hard all day to stay on task and now that I'm out of work I'm fried. My poor friends have been bombarded via messages about literally ALL OF THE THINGS.

At least I made it through the work day! This time I didn’t forget to take them; I forgot where I left them.  Well this would be the place to find us! You just describe last weekend for me! lol

I love that I take XR because I typically only have to remember to take it once in the morning!

The con is that I have to have a cutoff point and if I forget to take it before that then I have to skip that day otherwise I'll be up all night! reading this as i'm remembering i forgot to take it this morning  Haven't taken anything in over 6 months.  Got 2 hours sleep and decided to take a concerta this morning with my coffee.        

Still exhausted   ur 2 hours sleep.

But today when I realized I can see in 3D....    that so can everyone else.... LMAO... Nice timing. This was me at noon...

"Well shit, I forgot my pills this morning... Meh, it's my day off, no one is home and I'm not going anywhere.. fuck it" I'm not in a position to obtain a scrip at this moment, so I've been rationing that last refill I had. Today I didn't medicate, and hoooo boy, I felt it. Am feeling it. Bleh. This too shall pass.... That’s why I keep it in my purse and take it before I go into work each morning Been meaning to go get it for 6 hours now.   See I pretty much never forget my first pill of the day because I take it then lie back down. Now, taking vitamins and my second pill... Smh.... I always forget lol. What tends to work for me is to set all my vitamin bottles out on the shelf that I keep my wallet, keys and other import stuff. I keep my deodorant there too lol. I respect and love how everyone is different, but I do not relate to you guys on this one. The very second I wake up I think about taking my meds and how great my day will be with them. I just started adderall this week after Ritalin did abaolutely nothing for me.  Maybe itll become more natural to me and Ill forget some days. Best wishes everyone. I have never accidentally forgot in over 4 years. I intentionally do not take them at times, but I have never forgotten. If anything, I end up craving / having withdraws too badly to forget them. I am not sure if that is a bad sign, but I am on a relatively low dosage.  At least you know for sure you didn't take it... Omg, no lie, you just reminded me that I forgot to take my morning med, Not my first dose, but my second. Yay! I didn't forget, my GP randomly after six years of prescribing it decided he won't do it any more.  It’s just as easy to forget if I already took it. [These prescription bottle timer caps](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00EZ6TL2S/)  have been really helpful Shout out to those who are depressed because they took their meds. I always carry backup medicine in my car! Same, and i forgot my keys so i cant go home and take it Took my last pill but forgot to pick up my repeat prescription on the way to work even though I drive past the surgery 😂 Hey! I just realized this is me! :D Oh gosh, we are planning to TTC next year, and I'm already worrying about functioning without meds. I can see it now- I won't have a damn thing ready for the nursery and I'll be frantically shopping like three days before my due date. The walls will be half-painted because I took a break and then couldn't decide if I liked the color or not after all. I'll have procrastinated reading all of the books. My only saving grace will be if that whole "nesting" instinct kicks in, allowing me to have the motivation to do what needs to be done.  I got off my meds for this pregnancy too. Nothing for the ADHD, anxiety, depression, insomnia. Life is interesting, especially when nothing’s getting done.  This is one of the reasons I decided to never birth a child. If I couldn't take any of my psych meds, I'd go off the deep end. Well, I also don't want to push something the size of a watermelon out of my hoo-ha. I think that’s very strategic!  I definitely did this. I took my emergency adderall on Tuesday to pack up my old bedroom at my parents’ house. I forgot what it felt like to just... do things... and like be... productive... Oh thank god I thought I was the only one that did this. I do something similar! I noticed I am so much more serious and subdued while on my meds... my friends who know the more "untamed" me often ask if I am sad or tired. Lol it is just my exessive talking and moving and energy being controlled!

So days I don't need to be at my 100% or feel the need to let loose, I purposely don't take them so I can be my more spontaneous, silly and wild self. Haha it is more fun when you forget all your worries and responsibilities and just go with the flow :D (or more like the crashing tides) Same hahaha  I’m the same way. I never forget my first pill but I sometimes forget my second. And I forget my afternoon dose (3rd) more often than not. 

At least the upside is I always have extra meds.  Not gonna lie, if it wasn't for the nesting instinct and my mom's constant reminders, nothing would have been done or cleaned or put together. Same here. It's not good for the mom or the kid! >  Lol it is just my exessive talking and moving and energy being controlled!

Haha, I'm more serious, but the meds definitely make me *more* energetic and talkative if anything - if I get talking about something I'm interested in, I won't shut up about it. And, if I'm writing comments on Reddit, those comments often turn into miniature essays.

 