I am so sick of wasting my days Hi all. I feel real low. I had a few days this break to catch up on grad school work. I spent a lot of time thinking about doing the work and stressing out about it. I stayed home and stress ate and generally lazed around, all while being in an internal vice grip. Then the day ended. 

&#x200B;

The kicker is that my hometown is a beautiful place, and I am usually someone who loves the outdoors and recreation. In all the time I wasted, I might as well have been outside enjoying life.

&#x200B;

I am so sick and tired of torpedoing both my career and personal life by letting myself dither around inside, as some sort of punishment? self-sabotage?

&#x200B;

I took my vyvanse as well. Same... I spend my days doing fuck all even when I take my meds, I feel bad about not doing uni work which prevents me from enjoying anything else so I literally do nothing apart from browse reddit and think about not doing work. Days upon days of restlessness and anxiety, it's physically painful. I really feel this one, especially at the moment :( I've been trying to tell myself I'm not allowed to have any "zero days" (days where nothing gets done - something has to get done, even if it's one online quiz or one load of laundry) but it's so much easier said than done. You're not alone! I am taking tiny steps.

Like seeing videogames as a improovement from mindlessly falling into a passive youtube binge.

Then even better: reading a book.

Then even better: reading a book outside!

And then even better: writing a page myself! Same.  Can't offer a solution as I haven't found one.  Just figured I'd reply to say "yeah I know it sucks, sorry you're dealing with it". This sounds exactly like you’re describing my life right now! Did you take a break after you got your undergrad? Or did u go into grad school as soon as you got ur bachelor degree?

Do u feel more like you struggle with content like understanding what you have to do and all its purpose or do u feel you understand your work, but dont have enough time?

Do you feel burnt out (meaning you dont want to do anything at all whether school related or not)? Or do you just not want to think about school?

Why do u feel stress?

 Right there with you. Me, this long weekend. Sending positive, productive thoughts to all my fellow ADDers. Some days (today) are just so pointless, sad, depressing, frustrating. Onward. Same. I'm actually super stressed out right now. Not sure if i want to keep living tbh.  at least you've done one thing, you've given me a little bit of reaffirmation I've got a disorder and i'm not just shit at life innately Thank you for commiserating :) Sure thing.  :).  Hope things get better for you. 