For People Who Found Out Later, What Were Your Coping Mechanisms Earlier In Life? I was diagnosed almost a year ago (at 22 years old) with ADHD. While growing up there were always high expectations of me. These high expectations allowed me to succeed, but in a roundabout way which I'll get to. 

After a long time thinking I just needed a better work ethic (an idea that still comes and goes) I talked to some doctors, and I'm feeling on top of the world after a year of treatment. I've been thinking back to my days in high school and university, and the coping mechanism I developed, and I am curious as to how other people coped before they started a treatment path for ADHD.

As I said, the high expectations placed on me allowed me to succeed. They served as a line which, if crossed, would mean something terrible would happen. But that line was always far behind me. That final project worth 40%? If I put X hours into it I could get the A, and I still had four days until it's due. I didn't need to think about it yet. And I would let myself fall further back towards that line until I was on the edge and this huge rush of negative emotions - stress, fear, regret - would serve as enough of a push to let me sit down and do the project in a scattered, caffeine-fueled frenzy the night before it was due. Honestly, my mom.  She was my coping strategy. ;)

She was the kind of person who can know exactly where all 4 of her children and her husband are and should be at any moment and what they need, what they're likely to forget, and what support each person needs in order to do what they need to do.  Interestingly enough, she's also the only person who can follow my rambling conversations without any issue!

But beyond that, procrastination.  Didn't need to do anything until it was urgent and panic set in - and that worked until I was in grad school.

Also, being super busy.  When in high school I was always taking tons of AP classes, and I was involved in a lot of time consuming extra curriculars (marching band, FIRST robotics, teaching FIRST LEGO League, etc.).  This meant that basically every day was crunch time.  I lived in a state of stress for a long time...

My therapist has mentioned that my anxiety may have more or less been a coping mechanism for my ADHD.  I was so worried about what people thought that I would feel the panic set in.  Interestingly, when I started to get less worried about what people thought, the panic didn't set in, and it was harder and harder for me to manage. Hey OP, I'm around the same age and I'm going into my 3rd year of university studies. I only got diagnosed and have begun treatment over this summer. 

Looking back after learning about ADHD and getting meds was really... relieving yet frustrating. Relieving because it was like "Holy shit, I'm NOT just lazy and uncaring about these things like my mother says I am!" and frustrating because I really wish I had learned about ADHD sooner. It will always suck because if I had known sooner, maybe a bunch of things that happened would have gone a lot smoother, but I'm glad I'm at least aware now. I hate to think that there are others out there struggling unaware because they had the same misinformation I did. 

I realize I ended up coping by:

1. Only studying or doing homework in the evening or at night because it's usually calmer and quieter.

2. Blasting music with headphones on so I wouldn't get distracted by external noises, and to sort of "overpower" my own mind - it was easier to be forced to pay attention to whatever song was playing rather than being subjected to my own scattered thoughts.

3. Sticky notes EVERYWHERE. I couldn't remember not only hugely important things, but really small, routine things I'd have to do every day/week at times unless I was forced to see reminders of it. I'd have a bunch around my desk for due dates, on my binders for homework, on my door (to grab stuff before I left for school), alarms on my phone... I wrote on my hands too for a bit, only quit that because my mother hated it and made me stop. I couldn't keep an agenda or calendar to save my life because I'd always forget to go over it and fill it in. 

4. I slowly started to accept less and less from myself (especially as I began university courses) than I did before. I always had certain expectations for how I wanted to do, and when I first started failing those (for example, getting a bad grade on a midterm/project because I waited until last minute to study or do it), I panicked and was like "This isn't me, I know I can do better!" I'd tell myself it was a learning experience, and now that I knew the consequences, I'd do better next time. Except I never did; I kept doing things last minute, and the consequences kept stacking up, which eventually made me go from "I should have done better!" to "Ah well, I can't be good at everything I guess... and so-and-so didn't do that well either, so at least I'm not alone."

5. Having to rely on the panic and stress that comes when you're about to hit a deadline to get any work done. I would try to sit down and get projects done well before the due date, only to find myself painfully bored, watching Youtube videos for hours. It was always made more frustrating by the fact that I usually knew exactly what I had to do and how to do it, but it was like there was this mental wall I would run into every time I tried to do it. 

6. In my last semester I developed some really weird sleeping schedules. I'd be way too exhausted to study after classes, so for a few weeks I'd get home around 4:30 pm, sleep until around 12-1 am, get up, and do all my homework/studying that I could before classes started at 8 am. It worked for a bit because it takes me FOREVER to wake up for 8 am, and doing this left me feeling alert and refreshed in my morning classes instead of half asleep. But it meant by the afternoons I was exhausted, and I either had to skip afternoon activities or do them while I felt like I was going to fall asleep. One thing I've really struggled with lately is just feeling exhausted ALL the time, and if it wasn't that bad, my brain would be worse and I'd get a huge mental block or raging headache which left me feeling like I never had the power to focus on anything that wasn't simple. Since starting medication I rarely get that mental block and I feel like I actually have energy for a lot of the day, so I look forward to seeing what classes will be like. 
 Recently diagnosed at age 29. (Actually, my therapist diagnosed it when I was 27 or so, but I didn't get myself to a psychiatrist until a couple of months ago.) I did well through high school, but things got worse from there. I was on academic probation in college and then again in graduate school. My compensatory mechanisms were:

- Doing assignments in the evening / night: I didn't connect this to ADHD until I started reading this sub. My brain used to be less noisy at night. (Due to Ritalin and lifestyle factors, this has flipped - I'm now much more focused in the morning.)

- Procrastination / urgency: This worked less and less well over time; in college I hit a point where I could no longer churn out a paper at the last minute. My brain would seize up like an engine without oil. I remember calling the school crisis line at dawn after I had pulled an all-nighter without actually getting much done.

- Getting extensions: My high school English teachers knew that I was smart and a hard worker, so they were pretty generous about giving extensions. I think they thought I was an eccentric artist type. In college this was hit or miss. In grad school (after nearly getting kicked out for poor grades due to missed deadlines), I realized that I could prioritize assignments based on which professors would give me extensions and which professors would not.

- Fighting the anxiety/avoidance cycle: A previous therapist helped me see the role of anxiety and perfectionism in my procrastination. Once I understood this, I was able to reduce my procrastination somewhat - but there was definitely a limit to how far I could get without medication. 

- Adjusting expectations / working on self-acceptance: Frankly, this became necessary to prevent me from attempting suicide, which was why I first sought therapy. But I also learned to just turn in something, anything, to avoid getting a zero or falling too far behind. I got diagnosed about 6 months ago (age 21). As a child I was recognized as "talented and gifted" and put in all sorts of advanced reading and math classes. I couldn't stay organized, wasn't on track most of the time, lost assignments, late frequently, and lost socially.  Eventually, I learned to just give up and not do anything until I absolutely had to. I (nor any adult in my life) could understand why I could pass the State's tests every semester at above par, but fail any math class I took, and skate by in the reading ones. My ability to read well set me up for a missed diagnosis - they never thought, mentioned or even questioned me having ADHD. Even though I spent every quarter in the TAG counselor's office getting lectured on "my lack of follow-through, lack of organization, etc" It was always just me "not living up to my potential"

After high school, I tried to go to college. The only reason I passed ANY of my classes was my best friend is a Type A non-ADHDer with a high-drive for success and taught me how to take notes. I also had a wonderful professor who printed out his lecture notes for us at the very beginning of the semester. I also ran on coffee, using it as a crutch when the symptoms got worse. I never realized how much I used coffee until after I got on meds for the ADHD. I also smoked cigs - the nicotine giving me a bit of a focus to cram for that last paper, test, etc.

The last coping skill I used in college was a bullet journal. I still use this today. I find that when I don't use it... my symptoms go crazy, and then my life spins out of control, even with the medication.

When I got diagnosed, it was like a light in a dark room. A reason for why I didn't function like everyone around me, a reason that I failed out of college. And it wasn't will power, it wasn't a lack of character or work ethic... it was a brain thing. I've been on Ritalin for the last six months and I feel like I've accomplished more now than I have in my first 21 years... Diagnosed earlier this month at 33. My wife has been a great help in just living my life. One of my earliest copingmechanisms was in fact putting myself in hyperfocus when the stakes got high enough

Ussually a schoolyear went like this:  apart from the few classes that catched my interest, i spent lots of time NOT paying attention at all, my mind was always wandering elsewhere, busy scribbling or i was exchanging funny notes with my classmates to pass the time. 50% of the time i didnt take any notes during classes.

But when the mayor tests or final exams approached i started copying all the course documentation from those classmates who had been paying attention and had  kept decent notes.

And then i would spend a few hours in total hyperfocus to condense the ussually many dozens of pages into just two or three recap sheets. And thats what i studied. And ironically i always managed to keep my grades far above average.

Intuitively i learned early on that if there was enough fear, excitement or pressure built up inside of me, things became easier. I could take on things better then most people and much much faster. My sluggish mental row boat became this awesome speedboat. Decades before i learned about adhd hyperfocus, i already knew that this was my biggest chance at survival.

And as a result after school i went on to seek a career with enough stress and deadlines so that i always could be sure that hyperfocus stayed triggered regularly. 

 Unfortunately, alcohol.  Google docs and google calendar + adobe scan ! 

 Being completely paranoid about punctuality, writing down anything I want to remember, using the power of last minute adrenaline (i.e. procrastination), checklists. Aim low I didn't really. Generally similar to what you describe above. I coasted so didn't attain my potential. I only got my first degree because my bf at the time forced me to revise. He became my husband. I got diagnosed. Later he became my ex husband, which was during my nurse training so I didn't obtain my potential there either (I passed, but not as well as I was capable of).

I had no experience of what a respectful relationship was like so accepted my ex's crap. A possibly narcissistic parent (?np) was very strict/controlling, and being the weird kid meant I had very few friends. The ones I made also happened to have differences or neuroses of their own. My ?np used to say "Why can't you ever have normal friends?" I used to say "because normal people don't like or understand me." I still have that issue now which is why I am happier working outside of the NHS.  I guess when I wasn't wracked with pure self-loathing I had this vague notion that I was an "artist" or a "misunderstood genius" or something. Blecchh I spent a lot of time in hyperfocus, and I have academic talent. My real executive functions manifest in just managing life generally. This didn't show until I moved out of home, because up to then I wasn't responsible for managing my life. Almost 40. I used to cry myself to sleep at times. It kinda helped. Haven’t noticed  this one yet!  
Currently 30 and just starting my first drug. I’ve always known something was wrong but either brushed it off or blamed it on something else. However the biggest difference was actually when I QUIT SMOKING!  
I smoked from 15-28 (quit a number of times during then, max 1 year but usually just a couple of months). And it was always the strangest thing, it was like after I quit smoke I lost my motivation for life and things I enjoy. During this time I also became extremely depressed and so the standard “your stupid, lazy, etc” kicked in so I figured it was all just from smoking. But now almost 2 years since I quit and 1 year since my last massive depressive episode I couldn’t blame it on them any longer. So here I am.... I was diagnosed early and the recommendation of the psychologists was to not set high expectations for me. I struggled in HS, did well my first two years in college, then fizzled out. Funny enough, when I became a professional I found that I could succeed if I set my own standards high and put pressure on myself. For instance, my last promotion I bragged to everyone that I was going to get it. The pressure and high-expectations I set for myself was what worked for me -- the exact opposite of what the "professionals" suggested when I was young. Having a free period to work on homework at highschool and taking classes I hyperfocus on or don’t have to deal with a lot of homework. I squeaked by shamefully, but i survived. I think most of the coping mechanisms I developed were external. Mostly it was me depending on friends or loved ones to  remind me of appointments or class information or checking the time, everything. Perfect example, actually: basically since my early teenage years my  mom has always bought ear buds in bulk. This is because every few weeks I’ll have lost the previous pair she gave me (or honestly maybe every week).  Music was my main coping mechanism. Listening to or creating music helped me "defrag" when I would get overwhelmed. It was one of the only things I could focus on for a greater part of my life. I used to take bronkaid (it is similar to ephedrine) and drink a lot of caffeine. Cigarettes too. Lots of cigarettes and coffee, essentially  The business helped me out as well. Maybe not so much with the actual mental processes, but I think it allowed me to avoid that awful feeling you get when you have something to do but can't focus on it. Since I always had something to be doing it made me feel better about myself. 

On the flip side, like you said, it was probably adding a lot of extra stress. Constantly living in the "I have to do this NOW or I'm going to fail" state of mind is no good. Great write up!

Point 3 was interesting! Did you find anyone commented on the sticky notes when they saw them? I didn't use sticky notes because I was afraid people would think I'm crazy hahah. I did develop a few weird quirks for remembering certain things that were always problems. Turning the stove off is the best example. I would forget all the time, and would always get huge anxiety after using it and leaving the house. I started just doing a little 360 spin when I turned it off as a little token reminder for later.

It's also interesting to me when people say that they're relieved when they get a diagnosis for ADHD. Not that there's anything wrong with that mindset, but for me I feel like I'd be happier if there was a way I could learn to perform at my best without the need for medication. With that being said though, the difference that the treatment has made in my life is incredible so it's hard to want for a different outcome. Wow this is all great. I go back to school at the end of this month and after realizing that ADHD might be my biggest issue I've been looking at ways to work with it. 
Adjusting expectations is a big one for me, as well. If I feel like I've let someone down or myself it's like I might as well quit. Slowly learning to take it easy on myself and move on especially since my 7 yr old daughter has ADHD/ODD I get a lot of practice with her. 
Happy for you! No one really said anything about the sticky notes. And I didn't really start using them in my room/living spaces until I moved into my own place! Before that I usually had them littered in textbook or notebooks I would open multiple times a day. If anything, people were impressed I had such a dedication to (trying) being organized. 

And I would love a way to function better without medication! I know a lot of people have had good results with mindfulness and meditation, but when I tried it before (unmedicated) I couldn't last more than a minute because my mind was too BUSY. I never realized until I started medication how bad it was. I might try it again sometime soon now that I'm on meds though. Feel free to PM me as a fellow university student if you'd like :)  