I just booked an appointment with my doctor. I want to bring up the possibility of adhd. I don't know if I actually have ADHD. I'm not sure of anything except that I need answers. I feel like event a name, some label I could slap on how I feel would be a relief even in itself.

My primary issues are motivation and procrastination. 

There are things I should be doing, things I need to do and things I want to do, but I can't.  Maybe I'm just lazy I keep telling myself.  But it's got to be more than that.

I know I need to do my work. I know I poison my career by sitting at my desk, staring into space or pitting off what I need to do. I know that was the reason I got removed from my last job, my manager keep saying to me "I don't know what to do? Do you want to go on HR report?" But still I did not do my work. My performace reviews where always "Kerneltaint has the ability and is knowledge and would be an excellent software engineer, he just needs to focus, stop wasting time, get to work on time" but still I did not change. And then I was fired.

Now at my new job the same thing is happening. Initially I was all gusto, but that quickly faded within a week or two, now I can barely open up my IDE and write a line of code without doing something else.

At home, I have so many ideas over the years, so many things I want to do or build but after a few minutes or hours of working on them I stop, not because I don't want them done but because I ge bored or distracted or another idea comes up or I just can't be assed doing them. I havnt ever finished a hobby project despite having 100 of ideas and false starts over the years.

My relationship of 8 years fell apart due partly to me not ever doing anything, not ever doing anything I say I will or want to do, not ever making plans, and the stresses of my job worries of the potential of loosing my job always on our mind.

I'm now in a new relationship with a new woman and I can clearly see the same things happening.  I don't help around the house I don't do anything really, I want too sometimes I even will say I'll pick up the slack and help more, that lasts a day at best... even when she cries and breaks down that she can't keep living like this, working and raising her daughter and looking after the entire house with no help from me, I say I will help, but I don't.  Maybe I'm just an asshole.a lazy useless asshole who should just take a bullet, I already have a hose and tape in my car, waiting for me to do it when I just can't take it anymore....

Even when my partner breaks completely down I don't change. I barely even remember it happened when Im feeling good and everything is fantastic, it's like nothing is wrong at all, but I know she always feels like something is wrong even when I'm feeling on top of the world. It seems I'm either on the top of the world or the bottom sometimes.

Noting ever changes, nothing ever gets done. I have so many things I want and need to do. 

I need to get my proper full license (I'm 32 years old I've been driving illegally for years) I need to pay bills, I need to save money, I need to do this and that. I want to build all these ideas of projects I've had over the years. I literally have hundreds of started projects on my hard drives with little more than a couple of files and 10 lines of code in each... dating back years.

Or maybe I'm just the lazy selfish asshole my partner thinks I am.

 Tell your psychiatrist everything you've said in this post and tell him it might be ADHD, we aren't here to diagnose you with anything but you seem to have *something*. I think it's a good idea to bring up. Sorry for the rant. I'm feeling pretty low. It's like no matter how much I want to change..I just can't.  Nothing ever fucking changes, NOTHING EVER FUCKING CHANGES.  Just got a phone call from a company I've been chatting with. They have offered me a job, a more senior position than I have, it will be more demanding. At the same time they will be training me up on the latest technologies and new technologies than I am experience with. 

But it only comes with a $5k (3k usd) a year salary increase.

I will need my license foe this job but I cant even muster the motivation do to that. I need to do a bunch of rhingz to my car before I can even sit my license in the car. I need to find someone willing to drop me at the testing place (else auto fail thetest if I drive myself illegally) there's so many things I think I need to do in order to do the next. Thing.   Ahhh 

But I'm getting side tracked... the job offer...

There really isn't that many opportunities  in my town. This would open the door for me for a lot more career positions rather than the bit of a pigeon hole I'm in now.

But I'm SCARED. I know the same thing will happen that happened at my other job I got fired from and what is happening at my current job I've been at for 6 months. I don't know what I'm doing. I know what I'm doing techically wise. I take pride in my ability to code, it's an art, reading my code when I can actually write some is a work of literal perfection..... I just can't do it. 

I don't know what I'm doing life wise. Most of the time I wish I didn't exist. I don't have a psychiatrist. I have a GP and a psychologist. The psychologist said it might be worth looking into, but he also said he's never diagnosed people and its not his job to do so. I haven't mentioned it to my GP... yet

For what its worth, ive been reading about adult ADHD for a few months now, and the first time i read about it it resonated with me so much I sighed and said to myself 'this might be it'. I did all the online tests i could find, coming back with 'yep maybe, possibily inattentive'.

I've been diagnosed as mildy depressed a few times in the last 8 years, by GP and psychologist, but both failed to explain everything, and were not sure if it was situation with what was going on in my life at the time (breakups, job stuff), but never considered the reason for all that might be something else. Based on what you've told me, you definitely seem like a strong candidate for an ADHD diagnosis. If you don't have a psychiatrist then talk to your GP, if you really have ADHD then he'll diagnose you or refer you to a psychiatrist.  