At my wits end with my child I don't know if this is the right place to be posting this, but i figure it's a good start.

I'm at my wits end with my 8 year old child. He has no attention span whatsoever especially if there's any educational value involved. If it's building legos or putting blocks or his nintendo labo together, he's fine. Other than that it's constant screaming matches every morning and every night when it's homework time.

He can't process the simplest of math, he reads at a pre school level, and if you ask him a question that's more than 4 words, he immediately zones out and can't answer you. Oh and he's got tourettes to boot, so when the educational material comes out, he starts twitching like he's got parkinsons, which makes reading even harder.

I've tried ABC mouse to try the fun educational way of learning, but it doesn't line up all all with this common core shit which is all word problems and nonsense math that i can barely help him with.

I just need some way to help my son, as the only way i can describe my feelings towards him lately is "Love, with a HEAVY dose of resentment" and that pains me greatly and keeps me awake at night, every night.

&#x200B; Personally, I think your best bet is to bring your son to the neurologist. Your neurologist can diagnose him with ADHD (which he may have but i’m not a doctor), or any other disorder he may have. If he isn’t on medication for his tourettes, he can be prescribed something at the neurologist too. Coming from personal experience dealing with a loved one having tourettes, it can be frustrating for both you and them. They can’t help themselves because it is just how their brain is.  My advice is to go to a psychiatrist, because this sounds bad even as far as ADHD is concerned. Does he have any behavior problems?  As in it takes a while for him to come sit down and try to do some work? Look into ABA Therapy or find child centers where they specializes in helping kids with learning disabilities and more. I'm sure they'll have strategies and techniques that can help Child therapy is a good plan, and family therapy where you and him can learn how to best help him together might also be useful.  Therapy gets a bad rap among a lot of people but it can be really useful, if you take the time to meet with a few different people and choose someone who works best with your child.

Aside from that, you say that he can't focus on anything with educational value, but that's not what I saw.  He loves building legos and putting things together?  That's super educational!  He's learning creative problem solving, developing his fine motor skills, improving his artistic creativity, and learning a certain level of mathematical and technical thinking.  If you find a few complex building block toys with some clearly written instructions for building fun toys, I bet you'll also discover a way to help him improve his reading abilities.

Everything he learns from building legos and blocks and other such toys could easily become critical skills for building a career in something he'll enjoy when he's older.  Even if he doesn't decide to become a mechanic or an architect or a city planner, or something along those lines, visual creativity and the sort of lateral thinking and problem solving skills he's developing are useful in all sorts of fields.

Some people just have different skills, and public school systems focus in heavily on very specific skills.  Plenty of kids turn into perfectly successful adults after having trouble in school, and plenty of precocious kids turn into unsuccessful adults full of anxiety problems.  

Lastly, going back to my first point: There have been studies showing that behavioral therapy in addition to medication is the best treatment option for children with ADHD.  Kids need a little extra help all the time.  Some parents need to hire math tutors, or reading coaches, or physical therapists.  And some parents need some help in teaching their child the best strategies for managing a mind that isn't neurotypical in order to build a more successful foundation for life. I agree with the other posters. Seeking additional help (psychiatrist, neurologist, child center, or a combo/etc) is probably your best option. I think it's clear even though you're trying your best, you need more support. He probably needs a different treatment plan.  I am an educator and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was around your son's age. I agree with a lot of what /u/PhysicsMouse wrote. I was put in therapy young and I credit that with a lot of my emotional coping ability. If therapy is an option for your family there is evidence to suggest it would be helpful. Maybe some sessions with your child alone and some with you and him to work on how you do homework together? Now, again, I don't know you... but it may be helpful for you to talk to a therapist as well. What you're going through is really hard and it is ok to talk to someone about it being hard and shitty sometimes.

It seems like homework is a pretty negative experience for both of you. Could you guys agree on a time limit or a number of problems to get through -- like we are going to work for 5/7/10 mins or we are going to do 3 math problems / 3 spelling words / one side of the worksheet and then we can take a break. Also, it might be helpful to plan what you do before you start homework, set a routine -- that could be a lego/blocks session (limit screens) or a meal before homework. Don't overload him with choices. Start slow.

Talk to him about the homework process (preferably at a time when you are *not* working on any). Maybe over dinner?  Come at this as a listener and try not to get emotional (even if he does, I know it can be hard). If the conversation breaks down, say something like "I can see this is hard to talk about, lets wait 30 minutes and we'll talk again." Some questions may be:

* How do you feel when we do homework?
* What are you good at when we work on homework? What is hard for you?
* Do you think homework is important?
* What is your favorite subject to do homework for? What is your least favorite?

Have you talked to his teachers about his homework? I don't know if this is an option for you, but reaching out to his teachers or school specialists may be a good part of your team. Your child may need a learning plan so he gets the support he needs at school. Please know that this is only one part of the puzzle. They're not going to be able raise your son, but they can help support you. He may need some lower level math problems at home than what he gets at school. He is still young, go back to the basics and see what he does know and work forward from there.

Does your son get much exercise? My husband and I are both ADHD and we notice our symptoms are worse when I don't exercise. Hubby likes to run and I prefer dancing (and don't rule out dancing because he is a boy!) Hobbies can add up (esp when also thinking therapy and medication) so even going on runs or long bike rides could help. For social development you could take him to a playground too.

Also, importantly! If his reading level is so low, try reading with him. If you don't have any kids books try [Imagination Library](https://imaginationlibrary.com/check-availability/) or make a special trip to the library (if you act like it is a reward, he will think it is a reward). Read to him before bed (or even as a treat after homework!). Maybe reading together could be an activity that is more positive between the two of you.

edit: Had another thought (you could also try meditating with your son. It will probably be hard for him, but just stick with it. Start with a minute of sitting. Don't worry if he isn't "taking it seriously." If it needs to start with him sitting with you and being quiet for a minute then start there and add more as he gets better.

This is probably going to take some work and he is going to need your help to get through it. It is awesome that you reached out for advice  :)

&#x200B;

Feel free to dm me if you think I could help! Good luck! Help him get a ton of exercise. Homework is hell if the adhd is bad. The assignments might be further along than he is developmentally ready for. Sometimes there are good reasons to hold kids back in school. Give them some time to cook. 

And resentment, accept it. Get yourself some support if you can. You’re carrying a big heavy load right now.  [deleted] >He's on medication for both but they do almost nothing. The ADHD medication calms him down so he stops bouncing around and going nuts, but that's about it. The tourettes medication does jack, and that's unfortunately just another problem we have to deal with, but it's really the ADHD part. He fails all of his tests, he's doing terribly in school, and when we try to sit down and help him 1 of 2 things happens (or both usually), 1. We don't understand it or can't find a way to explain it (this common core stuff is really stupid), or 2. We can explain it but he just cannot get it, no matter how many times we explain it. Or he'll literally forget it from one math problem to the next even though they're the same exact type of math. Because it's better for dad to scream at his kids and be harsh?  Or because moms should just innately "know" how to be the perfect nurturers without any extra help whatsoever?  No gender is "naturally perfect" at childcare, and no one should scream at young children. I am diagnosed with ADHD myself and I have tried various types of medications to find the right one. You might want to consult your neurologist about the difficulties he is still facing while on ADHD and tourettes medication. Medication for tourettes is not supposed to fully stop his tics; it should atleast minimize them to a degree. Regarding his difficulties with school- have you tried talking to his teacher? Maybe he has a learning disability that has yet to be discovered. I, myself, struggle with math...I was just like him as a child. Not understanding one math question to the next, even though it was the same material. Overall, I think your best bet is to speak with a school counselor & your neurologist.  