Tips for getting better at reading? I know that tracking words is a common difficulty for people with ADHD like myself, so I figured that I'd come here to get some advice.

It doesn't matter if I am medicated with Dexedrine, Vyvanse, or Adderall, I just cannot read which kills me because I love learning. I listen to audiobooks but there is limits the amount of material I can go through. 

Are there any tips that you have for me? It’s a skill. A lot of people these days struggle to read because of the way our fast paced modern environment conditions it. Every time we check our phones, for example, at the first sight of boredom such as waiting in line or in an elevator, we just reinforce an inability to patiently sit still and endure boredom. Reading is a skill that has to be relearned. I went from reading nothing from 2001 to 2010, to doing maybe five or six books in 2011, to even more in 2012 - 2016 (maybe 20 - 30 a year). Last year, because my skill level had increased a lot and because I had too much time on my hands, I wanted to see how many I could read and I read 110 books. Granted, that’s mostly non-fiction, which is shorter in nature (like 200 pages), as opposed to fiction which is 500 - 800 pages and meant to be read more slowly, but I just wanted to show how much I read compared to prior years to demonstrate how much your skill can increase. Definitely not doing that again though, lol. I’m only aiming for one a week this year.

As you force yourself to do it, you get better at it, which makes it more rewarding. You soon become able to read in multiple word chunks and sit still longer and longer. You can also gradually read more boring and more difficult stuff. Harry Potter got me back into reading because it’s light enough that just about everyone can enjoy it, while still being well-written. But I’m not skilled enough to read stuff from, say, the 1800s because the language is different, so it’s mentally taxing struggling to interpret the different usage of words and it’s boring and I can barely get through a few pages. But I’m sure there are people out there who can easily read the classics. 

The point is to just force yourself to do it, even if it’s for barely ten minutes. Start with as little as possible if you have to. I also like to use the Pomodoro technique of, say, 15 minutes on, 5 minutes off. Find a quiet place free from distractions. I block my Internet with apps like Focus or Self-Control and hide my phone so I’m less tempted to seek distraction.

Having a Kindle helps A LOT. You can bring it everywhere because it’s so small and light, it’s backlit, you can press a word to see the definition, you can change the font size and spacing, and you can see the time remaining per chapter/book, among other things. I have my whole collection on there and this allows me to jump back and forth between like four books, which keeps things fresh because if I get bored with one, I can read another, depending on what I’m in the mood for. It’s one of the best purchases I’ve ever made.

Just force yourself to do it for longer and longer periods of time. Try to read without mouthing out the words and try to look at chunks of words instead of one by one. Avoid the habit of back tracking too much so you get used to a decent pace. Sometimes I listen to the audiobook at 1.5x speed while reading at the same time so more senses are engaged and for added immersion (mainly for fiction). 

That’s about all I can say. Wall of text, I know. Best of luck.  I like to read before bed when I'm more relaxed and it's quiet and there's no distractions. Pretty much the only time I can read without putting the book down in less than 5 minutes... Lol When I started getting back into books I would listen to the audiobook while I follow along on the pages. It felt like less effort and it really helped! You can turn up the speed of the audiobook and I found myself gradually increasing it every couple days. Now I'm full on reading by myself and I feel so accomplished haha. Good luck!  Don't know if it helps but I did a speed reading course. 

It works for finding info quickly - which my undiagnosed Adhd brain loved. 

Downside is little retention of what I read. 

Upside is enjoying reading and allowing myself to read throwaway nonsense books because I just enjoy the atmosphere and theres no pressure to remember anything - kind of a movie for the mind. 

Upside is being able to help neuro typical folk with their research because I can find info so quick. 

Anyways, I can't slow my reading down now which you may not want. 

Good luck.  I have definitely always struggled with reading comprehension due to my eyes taking in the words but my mind being elsewhere. Coping strategies I've developed in undergrad and grad school studying English Lit have definitely improved my ability to focus on scholarly and recreational reading, however, so maybe this might help you too. To read assigned works, I always read with a pen in hand to jot down a page number along with quotations, thoughts, or patterns I've noticed. I think the action involved in notetaking helps to condition an active and mentally present approach to reading. Over the years taking notes on writing for school, that habit has trained me to be more engaged and critical with whatever I read, whether that be a dense article or a light beach-read. And the more you read, the easier it becomes to stay attentive.  