What are your strategies for getting through large quantities of university/college readings? I need help with staying focused on non-fiction/academic reading. I've just started postgrad and I've got five or six papers to read per class per week, in addition to research. It's currently taking me two hours to read one twenty-page paper, which is so frustrating because I know I could tear through at least a hundred pages of fiction in that time.

Yes, I am medicated, and no, the content being boring isn't the problem - oddly enough I get more distracted the more I'm interested in what I'm reading. Retention also isn't a problem when I can actually focus.

Please tell me you've got some strategies to speed this process up. Pomodoro method might help a bit. You can try setting a timer for say, 50 minutes and then setting a timer to take a 10 minute break. It sounds weird on paper because 6 hours of work takes 7 hours but the use of timers and guilt-free breaks keeps me fresh for each 50 min session. You can adjust the timing accordingly (e.g. 45/15, 55/05, etc) but keep the breaks short enough that you can’t get too distracted/unmotivated. There are also pomodoro timer apps that you can use though I don’t have any particular recommendations. Alternatively, you can break the reading up into large sections and take a short, **timed** break in between each section. I’m currently doing the latter for my PGRE study and it helps. Good luck!  You must keep in mind that you will always be slower at reading academic papers than you are at reading fiction. It's not just a matter of how interesting the topic is, it's also a matter that you are reading a different kind of text, much denser in information and much more complex, aimed at a completely different goal.

&#x200B;

Maybe you are indeed reading it slower than you could be, in which case some of the tips already mentioned (Pomodoro, rerading introduction and conclusion so that you have a grasp of the text's content before you actually start reading it, etc) may help you, but perhaps you are already reading it as fast as you can. I can really relate to that!

It depends on what kind of papers you have to read but it can help to first read the introduction and the conclusion. Then you can decide how important the middle part is and with how much attention you should read it.

The only thing that really works for me is going to the library first thing in the morning where I really have to sit and can't jump up every second. It doesn't improve the reading but I at least get it done.

I hope others have some better ideas and strategies! CliffNotes,
Spritz reader (pdf books) / Word Runner (amazon kindle) @ 900 WPM
Extra Adderall.
Audible. (2x speed)

 If I was to condense all of the time spent actually reading into one blob, I’d probably be reading not that much slower than when I read something non-academic. 

It’s the staring out the window for fifteen minutes at a time that gets me.  