Who here works in Technology or studied Comp Sci? I've read that this is a good field for us. What's your experience with ADHD in this field. Hi there!

For those of us with ADHD who ended up in computer related careers I've got some questions for you as I'm looking at some big changes over here: wondering if comp sci is a solid choice for hyperactive ADHD?  My current degree is useless-my goal was to go into law so I could get paid to argue for client in court: social, intellectually stimulating and a really intelligent job.

 I like the intrinsic, complex depth of knowledge of the field and know how prevalent technology is in the economy right now. However I'm not without my concerns as well, especially when it comes to the work environment.

I see a lot of post where r/ADHD folks gravitate towards computer science/ programming careers.  I know reddit is skewered towards this field but I've heard this is a good field for those of us with ADHD that I need an intellectual challenging environment.  So how does ADHD and development work/ computer field line up?

Some questions I've got are:

* How do you stay focused?
* Do you have trouble sitting at your desk all day?
* How do you do in an office all day?
* How do you stare at computer screen all day? Or is this an issue?
* How social is the work?
* How did you manage to focus on learn coding?  
* Who is self taught and how did you manage that?
* What's the field like?
* What kind of problems do you solve?
* What's an average day?
* Is anyone here a massive extrovert? (I'm not implying comp sci folks are introverted).  How does this mesh with development work?

I have hyperactive ADHD at the very least, and I'm really extroverted.  I was also in the gifted program if that matters, but am told I am relatively smart (if not impulsive and so ADHD that my previous degree is a mess).  I'm miserable when I spend do much time alone (and that's been happening a lot while under and unemployed).  I'm also am really active and work out a lot and enjoy solo adventure sports (I'm social but SO not a team player).  However I have to balance this with something that is intellectually stimulating as well or i basically feel like an idiot (like bar tending wasn't challenging enough to keep me interested or stimulated)

 I'm really drawn to the entrepreneurial aspect of comp sci and how you can solve actually problems with computers, build a product and take it to market (pitching something somewhere would be really exciting).  Seem creative and you can combine it with business, which is a field I'm interested in as well. 

How do you find the field?  How do you find you're ADHD fits with it?  I'm I way off the mark here?

P.S. I worked in IT for 2 years at an MSP and HATED it as a PM and sales/ accounts was okay minus being caught up in the break/fix complaints in managed services and being in part responsible for implementation of projects after the sale (and being the damn complaint department for other peoples screw-ups).  There was a lot of anti-social work stuck in an open office environment.  I am both ccna certified and a software developer but far too unfocused to answer please remind me in a few hours I am currently taking a semester off from studying compsci

I can get pretty focused on the little problems in coding but planning an algorithm through before putting it into code was near impossible. 

My struggles are actually what led me to take a semester off to get medicated.  I'm a software engineer and I love what I do, but ADHD makes it harder than it would otherwise be. Anyone who says ADHD makes you good at this is either insane, deluded, or just a damn fool. Will do :)  How do you find comp sci?  Why did you choose that degree?  What are your plans afterwards?  Research?  Build a piece of software?  SO MANY QUESTIONS. Care to share the particulars? Okay to try and answer some of what you asked...

On mobile so I didn't copy the bullets just tried to work down them hit me up for clarification if you need it 

Focus I am never focused just started meds it helps a great deal, I also try to pick tickets that excite me 

Yea I can't sit all day I have a standing desk and walk around 5 mins every 30

My office is 3 people so not bad when we had more I picked a corner desk and bought headphones 

Have your eyes checked regularily also posture but keep a window open to distract yourself away from the problem you are working on when it gets bad. 

The work can be as social or individual as you want it really depends on the team and task you pick 

Not self taught can't comment

Lucrative if you are good at what you do and specialize you can make anything if you are a jack of all trades you won't make as much but you can work anywhere 

I am the go to guy when everyone is stuck my ADHD helps me think outside the box and get the job done 

An average day I go in 3 hours before the team by choice to get some quiet work done so when distractions show up I don't feel bad if I don't accomplish much otherwise unless we are working on the same feature we all tend to stay mainly isolated 

For the extroverts take a few minutes every day or several times a day and walk around chat up people who aren't busy it all works out. It's hard but you learn a lot, there is a shitload of advanced maths as well, so that's a thing. I'm from Germany so my degree might be a bit different from yours. I just plan to go wherever I'm needed and get some money. I also want to go into modding but that's a bit seperate from CompSci :p 

Basically if you are not that into maths expect some hard work, but also expect to learn a lot. What is there to say? ADHD interferes in every aspect of the job, just like it interferes in everything else, and it especially does *not* make you better or more suited to any particular aspect of it. Thanks for the insight.  Why the CCNA and then the switch into software?  With your skillset do you plan to launch your own business one day? Luckily I've been learning math and I seem to understand it.  I'm still terrible at basic arithmetic (doing math in my head) but that's what a calculator is for.  It's actually weird.  I just can't memorize basic things but have no trouble playing with more advanced calculations- it's like a puzzle with numbers.  I struggled with math until I went to a local college in Canada to learn it.  Turns out it was a lot easier than I though.  Don't know why I almost failed gr. 10 math in high school- I think the Canadian methodology for teaching math is flaw.  Lot of emphasis on rote memorization in early grades and speed of calculations.

I'm really hooked on the problem solving aspect of software, and building a piece of software that solve real world problems (or business problems).  The whole notion is completely intertwined with business for me. I was laid off during the recession and there was a government program I qualified for that would pay for up to 2 years of schooling I wanted programming but it was a three year program so I took network administration got a job worked for two years and use that money to pay and go back for programming  Ah. Second career.  I'm trying to get more info on the program to see if I can find a way to qualify.  Like reasonably I should, it's not like I'm doing anything else. They tightened the rules after I went through but some key things if you are jobless via no fault of your own, you qualify AND once accepted to a school hook up with disability services second careers has a top limit they will give you with a registered dissabilities that limit is moot and extra funding can be aquired for select things, I had them buy me a laptop printer and scanner  The jobless through no fault of your own claus is problematic for me.  I tend to walk away from the jobs I can get because they are boring or I am fired for putting heads, being irritable because I am miserable because I have to take a low skilled job.  Didn't think I'd have to work such bs jobs (labour, service) after I got educated.  I keep getting stuck with unambitious and out-right stupid people.  I don't know how I ended up here but I have so much resentment. 

I have a liberal arts degree which is a dumping ground for bullshit service economy jobs that I generally get fired from for, quote: "behavioural issues" not allowing me to save up money to go back to school for training to enter a career that will be intellectually stimulating enough that there will be no 'behavioural issues'.

OSAP doesn't really give enough to be able to afford to go to school, and with no saving and some minor debt...well....

 ADHD may exempt that clause talk to them, and you can apply for dissability grants from OSAP (8k/yes) on top of second careers Interesting.  I sent a request to a service provider last night (JVS).  I have a bad history with them because I tried their ProjectGOLD and it was completely useless (was told but their councilor that I'm just not ready for the workforce) which is a joke.

I've gotten disability grants before but it's like $1500 a year or term or something.  What's this 8k figure? Assuming Canada here, call unemployment services they can provide you contact info for a government rep who handles your local second career applications it's likely through other programs they have such as clothing for interviews and resume help etc  I have kids so maybe it was higher but I would get 6k semester 1 and 2 k semester two, and then could submit receipts for things like a laptop if I could justify it  I thought I had to go through a service provider in the community.  I'll wait and see what happens.

I'm fine for clothes (I've got a suit) and my resume is fine and my interview skills are solid (I've already gone through so many of the different trainings for this- this is not the problem).   I'm just educated in the wrong field (or uneducated overall) for the type of work that I need to be in.  

Doesn't help that Toronto is hyper competitive and I've got resume gaps.  As is I don't even know what kind of FT job I'm even looking for.  Hell, even bar tending is competitive. I went through ei in London and they referred me to the office thandled all those extras and second careers, ended up going to fanshawe twice  Fun fact: I just got denied EI because I was 16 hours under the 700 required.  Like fuck me that the bar didn't give me more hours and illegally pushed me out. 