How I vastly improved my passion for reading as someone with ADHD, who initially felt very impatient to read Hi friends,
I know many of you have some impatience with reading, and yet still want to get into the habit of reading for enjoyment. I have found reading to be one of my most rewarding and satisfying hobbies in my life.
Personally apart from Harry Potter and books I was forced to read for school, I hadn’t really read anything much until about the age of 18. I found reading initially to be not so engaging for me, and around that age, I was a very slow reader and never quite understood the enjoyment of reading for personal satisfaction.


The first thing I learned is that if you want to build a reading habit, you have to find VERY ENGAGING books to read! If you’re not feeling it as you’re reading, then immediately stop reading what you’re reading and move on to something else that might better engage you. There are millions and millions of books in the world to choose from.


Second of all, I began to use softwares like Spreeder Pro and QuickReader Pro on my iPad to feel more engaged with what I was reading.
Even though these are speed reading softwares, you don’t necessarily have to use them for speed reading. What helped me most was to use the pacer in the software that Highlights and moves along a group of words and down the page, which allowed me to keep up the momentum of reading without regressing and going back on the page. 
In a way this made reading feel like it flowed more in my brain, and it kept me more engaged during a reading session.


I also liked how these softwares give you an estimate of how long it will take to complete a book. Over years, using these tools helped my reading a lot, and now I find that reading is one of my favorite activities, something that I didn’t think was really possible when I was 18!


Accessibility: You always want to keep reading material, books, or your ereader/tablets/phones close by and accessible, so that it’s not too much effort to find something to read. Personally I’m a really spontaneous person so I sort of let my intuition guide me to what to read next, but you could make lists as well. Again, just want to restate that if you’re not feeling something you’re reading, never force it and just let it go. Maybe it’s just not the right time for that particular book, or maybe that’s just not the one for you, and that’s totally fine :)


Audiobooks: since often I feel like I always have to be doing something or moving, using audiobooks was a great discovery for me!
Lately I like to draw or sketch, or sometimes play mobile games while listening to an audiobook. I’ve noticed that this keeps me in a flow state.
Some individuals with ADHD, like the actor Will Smith, like to listen to the audiobook and read at the same time. So if the other tips don’t work for you, this might!


I genuinely want to help people who are like me, find this amazing love of reading within themselves, so if my post helps even one person, I’ll be really happy :)
It’s never too late to build a habit of reading!
Good luck, and message me if you have any questions, I’ll be happy to respond


 This doesn't quite apply to me because I've been fortunate enough to have adhd but also have reading as the thing I hyperfocus on haha I'm a huuuge reader even growing up and I definitely agree about finding the right story that'll engage you! 

Also mediums like audiobooks are my lifesaver when I feel like hitting a reading slump cause I can just up the speed and get engrossed in the story faster 😄 congrats on finding your love for reading! Do you have any amazing book recommendations? Gotta love that hyperfocus 😂  What kind of books do you like to read? I'm kinda sucky at recs just because I tend to forget everything when asked but I'll try 😄 I like to read everything from self help to sci-fi to mysteries  