I don't know what I'm doing wrong academically (studying?) Tl;dr: I got a low score compared to the average on recent exam despite spending adequate time preparing. Questioning if its my studying methods and wanting to know what other ADHD brains do differently.

On mobile. Sorry if the formatting is awkward!

Yesterday, I took an exam and got a 40%, but the average for the exam was a 60%. I don't mind getting a low score on a hard exam, but I don't understand how I am SO MUCH below the average score. 

Over the week before the exam, I spent at least 24 hours preparing for it and felt relatively prepared compared to my classmates. I was answering questions for my friends without needing to look it up. I was able to do all of the assigned problems without help. I even made over 300 flashcards to make sure I understood the concepts and went through them until I was able to get each card right 2x in a row. 

Typically, I'll study by going over assigned problems at home. I try to do the problem myself. Once I figure out and understand the problems I'll write out steps for solving the problem (ie. Use this equation to solve for x, then plug into this equation). If I don't understand how to do it after i finished assigned problems, I'll start working on additional problems. If I cant figure a problem out, I will first ask a friend for the steps, then I'll either wait and go to office hours or I'll try to find the solution online and go to office hours afterwards. 

I have a nice big desk at home with plenty of space to spread out. I'll usually play music to drown out any background noise that might distract me and work on problems until I'm done or get distracted (which is fine, because it's hard for me to take breaks and go back to work) and stop to grab a drink or a snack, and work some more. Occasionally I'll study with friends, but one of my goals for this semester is to get my homework for the upcoming week done during the weekend, and I have trouble focusing unless we're all working on the same subject (same question if I forgot to take my medication that day).

I just got diagnosed in April and am currently taking Adzenys 15.7mg. I've nearly failed out of college multiple times, and I really thought that my diagnosis was the answer. The medication and accommodations (1.5x test time) have been a big help, but my first test with everything still resulted in a below average score. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I just want to learn and get my degree.


 What kind of class are you in? (In person or online?) What is the subject?  

For me I have trouble  with traditional study so I use a lot of technology for learning. I use a text to voice app on my phone. I have found this to be one of the most useful things as I can use it to read anything that is text or I can get a text file of. I use it to proof read my essays and reading.  I also use digital textbooks  instead of paper. They're  usually cheaper and less expensive AND most of them have an option to read the book aloud.  For things that I don't get or haven't been explained  well I use online videos to find another approach  to explaining  the material. Sometimes not understanding is only a matter of HOW it was explained.   There are many times I use apps that help review the material (quizlet is one) some subjects have apps that can be downloaded  from Google play or iTunes. Just search the subject.  

Some schools also have a learning  center students can use for free. Some offer tutoring. Check to see if your school has something like it.

Finally, have you taken advantage  of your  school's accommodations for students with learning  disabilities?  If not make the time to find out about the services you may qualify  for.

Long post shortened: take advantage  of technology  and the school's resources  Thanks for the advice. It just feels like I'm making a lot of sacrifices only to result in getting a low score which then just resulted in the prof calling anyone who got a low score (me) undedicated. 

It's an irl 300-level engineering materials course. The professor told us to study by doing the homework, going over the lecture slides, and going through this outline that he made. He also randomized his (online) tests, so it was very unlikely that 2 people would have exact same exam. 

My exam ended up having a lot of questions that were not from the lecture slides, but were from the problems in the back of the chapters in the book. Problems that were never assigned as homework, gone over during lecture, or had any other kind of presence in the class. I talked with my friends (in case I spaced out and missed the part where he mentioned those questions) and they had no idea we should've been studying those questions either. I'm going to meet with him on Tuesday to go over the exam and may start using the "audio record lectures" accommodation if I (and 10 other people in the course) really did miss a big detail like that.

I do receive accommodations from my school, but the only one I actually use is the 1.5x on tests, as I have trouble paying attention if I don't take notes and I can't ever focus on audio recordings without doing something else at the same time.  The 1.5x time on tests is great, since it feels like the spongebob "We threw out his NAME" scene every time I take an exam and the extra time gives me a chance to draw pictures and reconnect the material with the new questions. 