Trying to digest/hold onto knowledge that's being given to me (via verbal or reading) feels like trying to build a house of cards outside on a windy day. I saw my doctor today and he asked me to describe what my ADHD symptoms feel like (I'm trialing different medications), and that's the explanation I gave him. He's considering sending me to a psychiatrist to be reevaluated for ADHD, since Vyvanse and Biphentin (Canadian med similar to Concerta) didn't seem to do anything.  
  
I've read a lot of descriptions of what ADHD feels like in this sub and elsewhere on the internet, and I'd be *very* surprised if a specialist told me I didn't have it. So I'm wondering if an ineffectiveness of medications is a good indicator that someone doesn't have ADHD? And also, are there any other conditions that closely mimic ADHD? Could be comorbidity with something else, could be you haven't found what works for you, a key issue with ADHD usually centers around dopamine (lack thereof).

I hear you about managing information you are getting, so consider 3x5 notecards.  I keep em on me, I write stuff down when attacked with information like you said.  I get painters tape, put them cards on the wall, now I have a visual of the notes.  Next step?  Mind maps my friend, digital mindmaps will help you with this quite a bit.  I rewrite the notes as I input them digitally, make the links between things, and grab any dates/tasks out of it all.  This is the workflow I use, but there are many others, but yes you have to get it out of your head, you will find visualization really helps, as does the simple act of writing out the notes on the notecard (longhand helps with memory). ADHD, like almost all DSM diagnoses, describes a set of symptoms, not their origin or cause. Many things can cause ADHD-type symptoms, such as trauma and sleep disorders. Meds don’t work for everyone.  How do you learn best?  It’s important to figure it out.  I can’t watch a video and be expected to retain anything; especially if it’s boring.  I need stuff written down and it’s even better if I’m the one doing the writing.  Watching and listening at the same time messes me up.  I can listen and I can watch, I can’t do both at once.  

(In some ways I hate describing my symptoms here because I worry people who don’t have ADHD will parrot what I write to their doctor for adderall to study longer (or whatever)). 

We all have different symptoms because ADHD is often comorbid with other disorders.  I have a whack of them (which combined = high functioning autism).  I just recently was diagnosed and a part of that was IQ and working memory tests. My memory is borderline impaired, apparently. Vyvanse has not made my memory better, per se, but it has helped me with pausing and thinking "Stop. Do it now, or write that down. You will not remember that nor will you do it later." whereas before my process was "coolcoolcoolcool, I can get that later... let me go check on that other project \*\*immediately forget the first thing I was going to do\*\*"

Still working on the actual discipline of writing it down and finding the tools that work for me, though. Even before being medicated, I would digest info by talking it out with myself like a crazy, or writing out my internal conversations somewhere (my journals look like they belong to a mad man) and helped with working through stuff and being able to reference it later.  > Next step? Mind maps my friend, digital mindmaps will help you with this quite a bit.  
  
Oh god yes, preach it. Mindmaps have been an absolute lifesaver for organizing my thoughts. > How do you learn best? It’s important to figure it out.  
  
Practice problems. Definitely practice problems. I went from a 27% in grade 9 math to a 98% in grade 12 math (upgraded through correspondence) by creating flashcards on Anki of all the practice problems I was given. I found that I forget stuff *very* quickly, so I need constant refreshers or it won't stick. Anki is a goddamn godsend.  
  
> We all have different symptoms because ADHD is often comorbid with other disorders. I have a whack of them **(which combined = high functioning autism).**  
  
Can you expand on that? I've had a few people tentatively suggest I might be on the spectrum. Lots of people with ADHD look like they’re on the spectrum in ways.  Both disorders are posited to be neurodevelopmental in nature and share features of a plethora of others.  The disorders which are thought to be neurodevelopmental are: anxiety disorders; Tourette’s; OCD; ADHD; Bipolar; Schizophrenia; Autism; and I’m probably missing a few.  I have symptoms from every single one.  

The difference between high and low functioning ASD lies in verbal ability.  Like I mentioned though, it really does look different from person to person due to environmental factors and comorbidities.  I take 4 psych meds to uncross my wires, and I’m still pretty weird.  The worst part is I come across as typical.  

I work in social services.  They don’t give a care if I’m weird.  They just give me hugs if I’m emotional :) 