It's SO HARD to just sit down and THINK I currently have to decide on a theme for my thesis and every time I sit down on my desk and think 'ok, now it's deciding time', I feel my mind getting foggy and it's impossible to have a single thought. 
Writing things down definitely helps, but still... It's so ridiculously hard to catch a relevant thought in the middle of a million irrelevant ideas... 
How do you guys manage? Brain Dump. Your perfectionism is killing you. I'm betting you have a ton of ideas when you sit down and think, not all of them good, but still...a ton. So get that sheet of paper and write down EVERYTHING that comes to mind for a few minutes WITHOUT judging. Then look through it and see if any of them stand out.

If you're having trouble with this, spend 20 minutes reading through other people's thesis ideas (for patterns on what type of stuff they chose) and reading up on various stuff related to your subject that you've been interested in in the past. Keep your mind loose. Read with no ulterior motives, just curiosity. Then go for a walk or do some cardio and let the thesis ideas bubble up. Go to bed, let your subconscious percolate, and I promise the next day you'll have an idea of where you want to go.  I'm sorry if this doesn't directly help your situation at the moment, but I found it easiest to pay attention to what my brain wants to do at the time and try to work around that. Sometimes I feel hyper productive and those are the best times to try to get things done. When I start to feel that fogginess that you are talking about, I usually take that as an opportunity to not try and force myself to do anything all that necessary. If nothing else, it helps with the stress, which tends to just make things worse for me. Go for a walk, have your phone handy and dictate ideas as they come.

Watch a few related YouTube videos and jot down ideas as they come.

Talk to some people in your area of study, be it teachers, fellow students, or people working in that area, and get pumped, then write down ideas as they come.

Hack that beautiful brain of yours. Honest answer? Cannabis. When you get the proper strain it's like clarity never existed before. Or something. I prefer og Kush. It's old school so it's kinda everywhere.  [deleted] Honestly? Try taking a walk or something. I find it's easier to think that way Idk if this will help you but what I do is sit down with a general idea. So let's say it's history I write down the just what I'm thinking and write until I have about a page of information. Then I read through it and pick out the main themes I have refine them a little bit then I start again with that general themes I picked out until I have the topic I'm the most interested in and can write the best on. Then I go back through the information I wrote down and use that information to create my thesis statement. 
Good Luck! I always have this problem with ADHD and it is always at the times that are mandatory to Think just like your thesis requires you to do unless you are actually interested in that subject. Again when you are put into the task of thinking especially of a boring subject our minds are going at a million miles an hour getting distracted by every little thing whether you can see it in front of you or not. The only way I passed high school by the skim of my teeth is because I always did a mix of cardiovascular/and weight training exercises because both have an affect on the brain for some kind of stimulation in turn makes it so much easier. Exercise sure as hell doesn’t give you the same stimulation Adderall does but it helps a whole lot more than anything else.  Distract yourself just enough to let your mind wander.  I enjoy walks or minor menial labor when I need to think.  

&#x200B;

Basically I try to make the thinking my distraction instead of forcing myself to concentrate.  Eventually my focus will drift to the issue at hand, and then I can really drill down into the decision I'm looking at I find that speaking into a recorder helps me sometimes. The best is talking to an actual person, either in text or out loud. When someone else is listening it's like my mind works perfectly, and as soon as they're gone I can't function again. Does this always happen in the same place? > spend 20 minutes reading

lol what Yes! Reducing the sheer volume of content/information in your brain is so helpful.  

I tend to have *way* too many thoughts at once, and I seem to think critically about all of them. Every idea is a web of ideas. 
I'm also pretty forgetful (or maybe I just fear I am), so it helps for that purpose as well. 
By getting alllllll of my thoughts onto a sheet of paper -- and I do think physically writing them is best -- I'm able to more aptly choose what is important to focus on in the moment. that's a great idea! thanks! yes, thank you <3  I've spent the last decade smoking like this works for me, but it definitely doesnt Get some physical activity in to get your heart rate up. Run, or bike, or have your own private dance party. Anything to get your body moving, even if briefly. yes, I physically feel the fogginess. it sucks ): I enjoy walking but I find it hard to concentrate because there are too many things to notice haha but it's great when you've got company, though. That's forces me to pay attention.  no, basically everywhere.  [deleted] I'm not, I prefer more natural things, like acupunture and meditating, but I've been thinking about changing my mind... 
 