ADHD diagnosis in last weeks of undergrad So I developed an eating disorder around the age of 14 - bulimia, which turned in anorexia. It simultaneously came with depression and anxiety and by the time I was 15-16, I was self-harming and pretty damn suicidal too. It was hard initially reaching out to my family because of this Chinese mentality and lack of understanding on mental health. The concept of it was pretty much non-existent, but you know - ya gotta do what ya gotta do.

Fast forward some years, it's university and that's when the struggles really hit me hard. I simply couldn't concentrate. Chunks of text became nonsensical, I was getting confused with basic grammar and losing my ability to spell? Which is rough for an essay/ reading-intensive degree like mine. For those better days (or nights rather), it could take me 3-4 attempts at reading a passage to comprehend... only to forget it hours later. I could hardly participate in tutorials and group discussions since I could barely keep up with the pace of people talking, let alone come up with my own argument, and I equally feared embarrassment from freezing mid-sentence from brain lag as I was reluctant in seeking further professional help. So my grades suffered. I was zoning out all the time, losing interest, at my worst I think I spent 7 hours writing 2 sentences simply because of this intense brain fog.

Yet, somehow I managed to pull through, and with a few more weeks, I'll be finished. And I only just got myself diagnosed (literally last week). My psychiatrist/ GP has prescribed me with an initial 5mg of Dexamphetamine x2 a day, and I started my first dosage today. What am I meant to be expecting? I've read so many positive posts on blogs, forums, review sites etc. but I long accepted my condition as just being part of me - I can't imagine a life where I can concentrate, actually retain information, not be tired/ sleepy constantly, and be 'in control'! I'm extremely frustrated and very sad that I only just got diagnosed, because seemingly medication can help immensely with people. Maybe I'll pursue further studies and put myself up for a challenge - and I won't feel overwhelmed by it all.

Oh, and this is only the impact of ADHD inattentive type on my studies. Relationship is a whole other post.

So if you guys could, tell me, what kind of improvements can I be expecting? I just can't fathom the changes to come.

&#x200B;
**TLDR; Suffered from mental health illnesses young-ish. Uni was a nightmare, and I finally got diagnosed with ADHD just before graduating. Starting meds today - what should I be expecting?** I was diagnosed a couple years ago and started Adderall.

When I hit the right dosage it was amazing. I realized I’d been trying to rush through everything for fear of forgetting what I was doing, or because my ADHD sense of time was such that things that only should take a minute or two would somehow completely throw off my day.  Adderall allowed me to slow down.  I found myself being able to rely on my brain more.  It’s not a cure-all, but it has brought me to a whole different level of being able to just calmly work through a to-do list.

I had a hard time reading long passages of textbooks in high school and college.  I never understood why it seemed so impossible to me.  I basically winged it and was good at skimming. I had even stopped reading for pleasure because I couldn’t seem to “get into” a book.

I started a post-baccalaureate program in paralegal studies the year I started Adderall.  The first weekend of the program, I hadn’t started the Adderall. I was in tears finding myself finishing sentences without knowing what I’d just read.  The familiar sense of boredom and frustration came over me from my school days.  Time passed way faster than I expected.  I couldn’t just get the reading done, as usual.  

The day I started Adderall, that all went away.  At the right dosage, I finish sentences and all the other distracting thoughts don’t intrude.  

Oh, I left out how it changed class time for me.

I found it very difficult my whole life to listen and engage in class and still take notes.  I would start to write something down, and often forget the rest of what I was writing before I was finished.  By then, the professor would have moved on.

Taking notes on Adderall is totally different.  I can listen, retain, and still keep up with my notes in a way that was literally impossible my entire previous life.

It doesn’t cure you.  I still have challenges and have to deal with all my coping mechanisms built up over a lifetime.  During the later part of my female cycle, the medication is not as effective. So I am learning how to work around that.

Everyone is different, but I hope you have the chance to experience a bit of how much easier life is for neurotypical people.  It’s amazing.
 Wow, are you me? I am also a Chinese and I have a  history of eating disorders. I also just got diagnosed with inattentive ADHD last week. It was a huge relief and cleared up a lot of things for me. I got started on 5mg Adderall once in the morning, took my first dose yesterday. I wouldn't say that it made me super focused or non distractible, but it helped a lot with my motivation/determination, like it tricked my brain into actually believing that studying was important and a priority of mine, no matter how dense the lecture material. I'm hoping to try a higher dose soon (I am meeting with my doctor every week since I go to my college's clinic and they want to be careful with me), but so far I'm enjoying it. 

&#x200B; First off, congrats on pulling through! College can be so stressful and difficult, so I applaud you on your perseverance.

Second, I had a somewhat similar experience to you throughout highs school and undergrad. In high school I was diagnosed with general anxiety and trichotillomania. Due to my age, I never really took anything to combat it. On the surface it never really affected my life. I was able to control it enough to get through things.

Fast forward to college when things get a lot more stresssful. I still managed to control things on the outside but I was getting around 4 hours of sleep each night, found myself often vomiting due to nerves and began having panic attacks. For the most part though, I was able to keep it together. I played to my strengths and was fortunate enough to find a major that one could excel in without reading a single textbook or having to pay super great attention in class. I pretty much accepted the fact that school is stressful and I don’t know how to read and moved on with things; however, at the end of my junior year I took at massive standardized exam and had a panic attack in the bathroom and ended up vomiting. The proctor of the exam told me this was not normal and that I should go see someone. My mom agreed and I was diagnosed with AHDH.

Since being diagnosed, I started taking medication. I take Vyvanse 60mg a day and it has literally changed my life! At first, it was really hard to accept the fact that I had ADHD and I often felt like I was cheating by taking the drug. It felt like I had gained an advantage over others. I was energized, awake and could focus through entire classes. It didn’t seem fair. I talked with my psychiatrist about this and say a therapist to deal with the transition which helped a lot. If you are ever struggling with that aspect I encourage you to speak with your doctor. They can help frame the situation better.

Besides that one small hiccup, my life has improved. I sleep between 6-8 hours a night and I can fall asleep fast. I don’t wake up at ungodly hours feeling anxious either. I have also been able to destress when it comes to school. I am confident in my ability to learn and retain information and I am no longer worried that there will be a large clock in the room or a mouth breather sitting next to me while I take exams. I know I can focus on the material and finish the test. My emotions are much more stable and my panic attacks have decreased. It’s been incredible. 

Additionally, my psychiatrist thought that my anxiety and trichotillomania disorder were likely due to ADHD and she was right. Both subsided after I started taking medication. You might find this helps in other mental health areas too. 

It was such an up and down at first but after one year it has totally changed my life. Keep a positive mind set and when you have problems or issues with it, reach out. I have a feeling things will improve so much for you!! Good luck with everything. >I'm extremely frustrated and very sad that I only just got diagnosed.

It is extremely frustrating, and it's easy to blame yourself and other people (especially parents) for not helping you identify the problem sooner. But look at the bright side: you're on track to graduate, you now have access to medication, coping strategies targeted at your specific challenges, and a great community full of people that can help you move forward in future school or work (undergrad is the easy part). Now you have the tools to be more successful than you ever expected you would be, before you got diagnosed. You have most of your life ahead of you. Some people don't get diagnosed until their 40s or later. Thanks for taking the time to reply!

I’m not terribly familiar with reddit so I’m still trying to manoeuvre myself around the place hehe. I can’t believe it’s taken this many years to get a diagnosis. I was suffering from terrible concentration loss and even got an MRI scan four years ago to rule out anything physical. In pretty much all my psyc consultations over the years, my lack of concentration, whether at the time I was suffering from depression/ anxiety or not, was one of the most recurring and prominent issues I had. Like, I’ve seen at least 10 different professionals, ranging from psychologists and psychiatrists to gps and counsellors. And then, I go see one specialist and he instantly diagnoses me with adhd ~___~ Oh well, I’m grateful that I can finally get help for this hella debilitating condition. 

Guess I’ll find out over the next couple of weeks how Dexamphetamine will help! 
 Yikes Love, we really are similar! I had my suspicions after they ruled out physical abnormalities with my brain, but you know how it is. It’s a rather tedious process to get a formal diagnosis, and bloody costly too! It’s currently 2:40am and I’ve got work tomorrow morning... so um, guess you can say I’m dealing with one of ‘em side effects hey? 

Because I’m heading into exam period, my doc asked me to go back to her next Wednesday to see if we need to make any adjustments. Think I may need an increase because my concentration is still pretty mediocre :/ It helped a lot with the clutter in my head,  calming those racing thoughts which in turn toned down my anxiety! I’ve taken SSRIs before and I’ve got Propranolol, a type of Beta Blocker, to help with any acute instances of anxiety. But yes, still some way to go I think. Then again, I did only just start today. 

Guess I’ll also need to learn some patience too before determining whether x dosage is sufficient or not ////// Oh gosh! Seems like you went through quite a lot during those days :( But it’s brilliant you’ve pulled through, and freaking fantastic how you’re just right on track again. I definitely feel like my anxiety is decreased when on meds, and the depressive feels are less prominent too. I’m nervous and excited about the journey ahead. I just hope all this new stuff isn’t going to interfere with my future plans of studying and potentially teaching in a foreign country eek! Indeeeeed! I think I’ve got to work on my mindset a lot more still, and despite being my second day on meds it feels like I can actually collect my thoughts and not just die to anxiety and stress hehehe although I will admit, I hardly slept last night and kept waking multiple times. Insomnia sucks.  